He who fears the unknown may one day flee from his own backside.
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.
He who has a Tates is lost!
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much a master of the world as he who is ready to die.
He who has the gold makes the rules.
He who hates vices hates mankind.
He who hesitates is last.
He who hesitates is lunch.
He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
He who is content with his lot probably has a lot.
He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.
He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
He who is intoxicated with wine will be sober again in the course of the night, but he who is intoxicated by the cupbearer will not recover his senses until the day of judgement.
He who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon.
He who knows and knows not that he knows is asleep.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who knows not and knows not that he knows not is a fool.
He who knows not and knows that he knows not is ignorant.
He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
He who knows, does not speak.
He who laughs does not believe in what he laughs at, but neither does he hate it.
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
He who laughs last didn't get the joke.
He who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth.
He who laughs last is probably your boss.
He who laughs last usually had to have joke explained.
He who laughs, lasts.
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
He who loses, wins the race, And parallel lines meet in space.
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
He who minds his own business is never unemployed.
He who practices it will have neighbors.
He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will be the greatest benefactor the world has yet known.
He who shouts the loudest has the floor.
He who slings mud generally loses ground.
He who speaks, does not know.
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
He who steps on others to reach the top has good balance.
He who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck.
He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
He who writes with no misspelled words has prevented a first suspicion on the limits of his scholarship or, in the social world, of his general education and culture.
He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect order.
He will need laws, said the Demon slyly.
He will not be fired, even if the project is canceled.
He will say: Yes, we can do business!
He will take full advantage of his staff.
He will tell all his friends about his own affairs, though, so they can be ready if he needs an alibi.
He will work on a problem himself until it either goes away or turns into something that can't be fixed without special tools.
He works for gangsters and bumps guys off when they have been put on the spot.
He would cite as examples Military Science, Library Science, Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer Science.
He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.
He'll kiss it and make it better.
He's a UNIX wizard, There has to be a twist.
He's a guy with the happy knack!
He's a sable collie, with three legs, blind in his left eye, is missing part of his right ear and the tip of his tail.
He's a very sick man.
He's been like a father to me, He's the only DJ you can get after three, I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band, And why he don't like me I don't understand.
He's been recently fixed.
He's fictional, but you can't have everything.
He's gonna bring up VMS!
He's got the whole world in his nose.
He's just a politician trying to save both his faces.
He's just like Capistrano, always ready for a few swallows.
He's just working late.
He's really a very quiet man and doesn't even shout at me.
He's the brains of the outfit.
He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd be there.
He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is.
He's trying to ignore.
Head, being sophisticated in mechanism but possibly agile operating under noises being extremely suppressed etc.
Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins fall over gently onto their backs.
Health and vigor will vanish like the dew before the sun.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
Hear about the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
Hear about the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
Hear me, my chiefs, I am tired; my heart is sick and sad.
Heard that the next Space Shuttle is supposed to carry several Guernsey cows?
Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.
Hearsay evidence is inadmissible because the person quoted was unsworn and is not before the court for examination; yet most momentous actions, military, political, commercial and of every other kind, are daily undertaken on hearsay evidence.
Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
Heaven help them if they ever start reading comp.
Heaven knows it's little enough.
Heaven loses fifty times as much heat as the Earth by radiation.
Heavens, they're tasty and expeditious!
Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
Heed no hoary willow!
Hegel must be taking the long view.
Hegel must have been taking the long view.
Heisenberg may have been here.
Heisenberg may have slept here.
Heisengberg might have been here.
Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?
Helens should have used earth control.
Hell - this is going to be a blood bath!
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play?
Hell's Angels on the freeway.
Hello again, Peabody here.
Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?
Help a swallow land at Capistrano.
Help fight continental drift.
Help me, I'm a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition.
Helpless users with projects due Scream My God!
Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles!
Hence University education.
Hence it has been again and again unconditionally proclaimed that there are no limits to the privilege so far as words seek to affect only the hearers' beliefs and not their conduct.
Hence, descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence.
Her beauty was like a beautiful horse being ridden by a wild monkey.
Her bloodshot eyes fell upon her husband, who says, And all these years you've been thinkin' I've been enjoying meself.
Her input was always critical.
Her mantle glinted in the moon, As on a hill-top high and far She danced, and at her feet was strewn A mist of silver quivering.
Her name is the Enterprise.
Her question was, Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?
Her reply was forthright: The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went beyond reason.
Her reply: He can have a lollipop any time he wants to.
Her spirit was wild, like a wild monkey.
Her voice was little more than a whisper.
Here I am at the flea market but nobody is buying my urine sample bottles.
Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending mail about softball games.
Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
Here I sit, broken-hearted, All logged in, but work unstarted.
Here Is Your Chance To Know More About Sex.
Here also are the headlights, air inlet and exhaust, a bumper and a foghorn.
Here and now, as opposed to fake time, which only occurs there and then.
Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people; from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth.
Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.
Here in New York we really don't care too much.
Here is a letter, read it at your leisure.
Here is a simple experiment that will teach you an important electrical lesson: On a cool, dry day, scuff your feet along a carpet, then reach your hand into a friend's mouth and touch one of his dental fillings.
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't.
Here is a town where the major urban problem is dutch elm disease and the number one crime is overtime parking.
Here is an Appalachian version of management's answer to those who are concerned with the fate of the project: Don't worry about the mule.
Here is an approximate translation, where I have written artist as equivalent of lekare.
Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.
Here lies a man with sundry flaws Weil es uns dunkt er sei verreckt.
Here lies an honest man and a lawyer, responded the lawyer.
Here the redbrick warehouses double as carcass galleries and rat hives, the Manhattan fauna seeking its necessary level, living or dead.
Here there be tygers.
Here too you find the heavy faggot hangouts, The Spike, the Water Closet, the Mother Load.
Here we are in America.
Here's a guinea; go and bury twenty of them.
Here's an easy game to play.
Here's an easy thing to say: If a packet hits a pocket on a socket on a port, And the bus is interrupted as a very last resort, And the address of the memory makes your floppy disk abort, Then the socket packet pocket has an error to report!
Here's another of those self-satisfied doors.
Here's to the Minneapple.
Here, there is no such mobility.
Hermann Hesse was a Pisces.
Heuristics are bug ridden by definition.
Heuristics weaken the mind.
Hey Ivan, check your six.
Hey bartender, gimme a whiskey!
Hey you stinking fat Russian, get off my Ford Escort.
Hey, Jim, it's me, Susie Lillis from the laundromat.
Hey, Sam, how about a loan?
Hey, aren't you the string I just threw out of here?
Hey, bartender, gimme a whiskey.
Hey, buddy, the bartender replied, you see those two guys next to you?
Hey, diddle, diddle the overflow pdl To get a little more stack; If that's not enough then you lose it all And have to pop all the way back.
Hey, it's there all right!
Hey, there, pardner, I'd like some beef, not too rare, and some of them fresh biscuits, he tells the counterman.
Hi, I'm Professor Alan Ginsburg.
Hi, said the gentleman at the wheel.
Hickory Dickory Dock, The mice ran up the clock, The clock struck one, The others escaped with minor injuries.
Hidalgo was later defeated at Guadalajara.
Hidden, they hold your interest; revealed, they're of no interest except to fetishists.
Hide Its Head in the Sand Like an Ostrich?
Hideously disfigured by an ancient Indian curse?
Hier liegt ein Mann ganz obnegleich; Im Leibe dick, an Suden reich.
High heels are a device invented by a woman who was tired of being kissed on the forehead.
High level and assembler depend on each other.
High praise, indeed, and it may tempt you to savour a typically rewarding stanza: It is taken from I loved a lass and is concerned with the higher emotions.
High-endian and low-endian define each other.
Higher education helps your earning capacity.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Hindsight is an exact science.
Hint for the answer: not everything is computer-oriented.
Hire someone to do it for you.
Hire the morally handicapped.
His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
His aunt said that nobody plays the violin better than he does.
His brain is affected, said the blind doctor.
His childish pride he often pleases By giving people strange diseases.
His comrades fought beside him, Van Owen and the rest, But of all the Thompson gunners, Roland was the best.
His console, when he typed, a man might hear Clicking and feeping wind as clear, Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell.
His customary dwelling place Is deep within the human race.
His designs were strictly honourable, as the phrase is: that is, to rob a lady of her fortune by way of marriage.
His dissertation is the sort of work you don't expect to see these days; in it he has definitely demonstrated his complete capabilities.
His elephant was a hypothesis, and our hypotheses are elephants.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
His experiment backfired too, and he wound up with bony jellyfish.
His father called him, but he could not go, For he loved those peanuts so.
His fingers danced upon the keyboard.
His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.
His girlfriend is a chlorine at the Palladium.
His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had money, he went to Southern California.
His hair hasn't been combed for many days.
His handling officer, Rick Grim, had to admit: He just won't go up and bite them.
His heart is as open as the ether.
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
His host, somewhat hostile, began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless, lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to define a Clint Eastwood picture.
His idea was to provide an equation that would describe a quantity that would dwindle and dwindle, but never quite reach zero.
His ideas of first-aid stopped short of squirting soda water.
His job is to enforce the law and fight crime.
His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.
His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.
His numerous letters and queries remained unanswered.
His performance is so wooden you want to spray him with Liquid Pledge.
His presentation to my seminar last semester was truly remarkable: one unbelievable result after another.
His students planted a small orchard in his honor; the trees all have square roots.
His sword was long, his lance was keen, his shining helm afar was seen; the countless stars of heaven's field were mirrored in his silver shield.
His unique critical faculties had lost none of their edge.
His wife asked, Don't you love your children?
His wishes, his thoughts, his gestures, his noises command the universe.
Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that continues to this day.
Historically, he was merely trying to work out his mortgage.
History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.
History has furnished us with two executioners worthy of attention.
History has much to say on following the proper procedures.
History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions.
History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles, cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree on.
History is written by the survivors.
History repeats itself only if one does not listen the first time.
History repeats itself.
History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge, periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another.
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
History tends to exaggerate.
Hit them biscuits with another touch of gravy, Burn that sausage just a match or two more done.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
Hoaars-Faisse Gallery presents: An exhibit of works by the artist known only as Pretzel.
Hodie natus est radici frater.
Hofstadter's Law into account.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at your side.
Hold a candle to the night, And see the darkness bend the flame.
Holiday Inn desk clerks.
Holland festival and they promised to rehearse.
Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
Holmes department store, studying the crowd of people for signs of bad taste in dress.
Holy cow, he thinks to himself, this guy is my idol.
Home also I cannot go.
Home centers are designed for the do-it-yourselfer who's willing to pay higher prices for the convenience of being able to shop for lumber, hardware, and toasters all in one location.
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is to a cockatoo.
Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.
Home, Sweet Home must surely have been written by a bachelor.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
Honesty is the best policy - there's less competition.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
Honesty's the best policy.
Honey, said her husband, the whole car's the ash tray.
Honi soit la vache qui rit.
Honi soit qui mal y pense.
Honig said, up to the mathematicians.
Honk if you hate bumper stickers that say Honk if.
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
Hop along my little friends, up the Withywindle!
Hop along, my hearties!
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
Hope is a waking dream.
Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Hope this one doesn't happen to you.
Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound.
Hopper said that when the veracity of her story was questioned recently, I referred them to my 1945 log book, now in the collection of the Naval Surface Weapons Center, and they found the remains of that moth taped to the page in question.
Horace's best ode would not please a young woman as much as the mediocre verses of the young man she is in love with.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
Horses are forbidden to eat fire hydrants in Marshalltown, Iowa.
Horses have an even number of legs.
Hot Water with my feet!
Hot air for a cool breeze?
Hotels are tired of getting ripped off.
Houdini escaping from New Jersey!
House recede from its disagreement to the Senate amendment making changes in the bill to reduce fiscal 1986 deficits.
House representatives are not mollified, however, wanting to see the terms of the deal first, fearing another Alaska.
Houses are for people to live in.
Housework can kill you if done right.
Houston, Tranquillity Base here.
Hovering there I've chased the shouting wind along and flung My eager craft through footless halls of air.
How about a little smooch for your old man?
How about an example?
How about: Here is my wife, please take her right now.
How apt the poor are to be proud.
How are things going?
How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil?
How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter!
How beautiful, how entrancing you are, my loved one, daughter of delights!
How can I miss you if you won't go away?
How can something get so bad, so quickly?
How can such an unnatural entity exist?
How can there be a building, that has no floor?
How can there be a program, that has no end?
How can there be an Apple, that has no core?
How can there be an upgrade, with no cryin'?
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
How can you do 'New Math' problems with an 'Old Math' mind?
How can you eliminate them?
How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese?
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
How can you pilot a spacecraft if you can't find your way around your own apartment?
How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another in the waking state?
How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
How can you tell me you're lonely, And say for you the sun don't shine?
How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying?
How can you think and hit at the same time?
How can you work when the system's so crowded?
How come everyone's going so slow if it's called rush hour?
How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they claim they'll make you?
How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?
How come we never talk anymore?
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards in reasoning, and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
How could a language so obviously designed and written by Real Men not be intended for Real Man use?
How could it be otherwise?
How could three different government agencies be wrong?
How could you be so stupid?
How could you do this to me after all the pain I went through?
How curious, said the lemming.
How did you get into artificial intelligence?
How did you spend the weekend?
How difficult can it be?
How do you catch a tame rabbit?
How do you catch a unique rabbit?
How do you explain Wayne Newton's POWER over millions?
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
How do you find out what your network number is?
How do you keep a moron in suspense?
How do you know she is a unicorn?
How do you play religious roulette?
How do you save a drowning lawyer?
How do you shoot a blue elephant?
How do you shoot a pink elephant?
How do you stop an elephant from charging?
How do you think I feel?
How does the Polish Constitution differ from the American?
How ever would you do a garden without one?
How goes the battle plan?
How in the world would he ever explain the situation to the burly brute when he awakened?
How is the world ruled, and how do wars start?
How kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them.
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
How long does it take a DEC field service engineer to change a lightbulb?
How long does it take?
How long is the banana?
How long will it take it I assign ten programmers to it?
How many Bavarian Illuminati does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat?
How many Harvard MBA's does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many IBM 370's does it take to execute a job?
How many IBM CPU's does it take to do a logical right shift?
How many IBM CPU's does it take to execute a job?
How many Martians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many NASA managers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many Zen Buddhist does it take to change a light bulb?
How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many college football players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many comrades have we lost in this way?
How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many fingers am I holding up, Winston?
How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many hardware guys does it take to change a light bulb?
How many have even a weekly astronomy column?
How many hors d'oeuvres you are allowed to take off a tray being carried by a waiter at a nice party?
How many journalists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb?
How many people work here?
How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many seconds are there in a year?
How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb?
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
How many teamsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many times do we have to tell you, No prior art!
How many times have I told you to be careful?
How many times have you comitted suicide?
How many weeks are there in a light year?
How much did we here at the government take out?
How much did you make?
How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to Dayton?
How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
How much does it cost?
How much does she love you?
How much for your women?
How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?
How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?
How much patience you have, for instance.
How much will you charge to paint my porch?
How much would you pay for it?
How neat she spreads the wax!
How often I found where I should be going only by setting out for somewhere else.
How often should you test it?
How old is the taxi driver?
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
How sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's See?
How should I know if it works?
How should he love thee?
How skillfully she builds her cell!
How tacky can ya get?
How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
How times have changed, one observer remarked: many in the room recalled the advent of direct dialing.
How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
How to make a million dollars: First, get a million dollars.
How to prepare them for the shock?
How untasteful can you get?
How very nice for authority.
How well did I behave.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
How wonderful, came the cool reply.
How would I know if I believe in love at first sight?
How you look depends on where you go.
However cans have been known on occasion to explode, or contain extremely un-beer-like contents.
However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
However, Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc.
However, I am told that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not.
However, I do not see why the affair should be concealed from the wife.
However, I have noted that the healthy release of emotion is frequently unhealthy for those closest to you.
However, I have read that one elbow, in between courses, is all right.
However, a substitute for an amendment to and amendment to a motion may be adopted and the substitute may be amended.
However, he got the idea from a man who almost invented it.
However, if a sheep stole a loaf of bread and gave it to you, you would only be tried for receiving, a crime punishable by forty lashes with the cat or the dog, whichever was handy.
However, if you call a grown-up by a child's name for the sake of implying that she has a youthful body, you are also implying that she has a brain to match.
However, it's a pretty small price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands computers.
However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner.
However, nobody bought a ticket since the soloist was unknown.
However, on religious issures there can be little or no compromise.
However, pseudocode that is highly detailed - approaching the level of detail of the code itself - is not of much use as maintenance documentation.
However, she has made note to quickly put together a totem of sweaty, sordid static straps, random bits of wire, flecks of once meaniful oxide, bus grant cards, gummy worms, and some bits of old pdp backplane to hang above the machine room.
However, sources inside the organization say that each time the machine fails to think it ceases to exist.
However, the can is divided into 8 compartments of 2 oz.
However, the fact that it is possible to push a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible way of getting it there.
However, the family of these unfortunate would-be knights was compensated with a beautiful sheepdog from the royal kennels, which was itself a fairly valuable possession.
However, there are drawbacks!
However, they were unable to complete the arrest because the warrant was made out in the name of Don Provan, while the only person in the house was named don provan.
However, this all means jack when you listen to Pink Floyd.
However, with an efficiency that is truly heartening, Mariner I plunged into the Atlantic Ocean only four minutes after takeoff.
However, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours by judging things by their price.
Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Human intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as we can tell.
Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
Human memory was shown to reside in 1 million Q-registers as Huffman coded uppercase-only ASCII strings.
Human resources are human first, and resources second.
Human skin is actually made up of billions of tiny units of protoplasm, called cells!
Human society - man in a group - rises out of its lethargy to new levels of productivity only under the stimulus of deeply inspiring and commonly appreciated goals.
Human unity is the fulfillment of diversity.
Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature.
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
Humans are communications junkies.
Humans exposed to the oxygen concentrations die within a few minutes.
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse.
Humoring them costs nothing and adds happiness in a world in which happiness is always in short supply.
Humorists always sit at the children's table.
Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully.
Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall!
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore.
Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.
Hunger and War do not mean a thing; Everything's rosy where'er we roam; Hark, how the little birds gaily sing!
Hurd beer: Long advertised by the popular and politically active GNU brewery, so far it has more head than body.
Husbands, good or bad, always have rivals.
Hustling the senoritas, While they dance beneath the stars.
Hyphenate between sy-llables and avoid un-necessary hyphens.
I DO want your money, because god wants your money!
I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
I GUESS I'LL NEVER FORGET HER.
I ain't broke, but I'm badly bent.
I allow the world to live as it chooses, and I allow myself to live as I choose.
I almost choked, he said afterwards.
I also have a television series coming on next week, and everyone says it's going to be a big hit!
I also present this view as an upbeat for science, not as a gloomy epitaph for a noble hope sacrificed on the alter of human limitations.
I always carry a razor-sharp knife in my pocket, and as soon as I am bitten, I make deep criss-cross marks across the fang entry and then suck the poison from the wound.
I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their good intellects.
I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
I always have fun because I'm out of my mind!
I always let people get ahead of me at swimming pools.
I always pass on good advice.
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
I always seemed to be laboring under.
I always thought computer professional was the phrase hackers used when they meant idiot.
I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's accomplishments.
I always vote against.
I always wake up at the crack of ice.
I am a HAL 9000 computer.
I am a conscientious man, when I throw rocks at seabirds I leave no tern unstoned.
I am a deeply superficial person.
I am a friend of the working man, and I would rather be his friend than be one.
I am a great thief, renowned for my feats of shoplifting.
I am a man: nothing human is alien to me.
I am a traffic light, and Alan Ginzberg kidnapped my laundry in 1927!
I am absolutely terrified of yams.
I am always satisfied with the best.
I am approached with the most opposite opinions and advice, and by men who are equally certain that they represent the divine will.
I am aware of, that conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and repulsion.
I am bored by thoughts of death.
I am changing my name to Chrysler I am going down to Washington, D.
I am changing my name to Chrysler, I am heading for that great receiving line.
I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.
I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.
I am covered with pure vegetable oil and I am writing a best seller!
I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.
I am extremely poorly educated.
I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or to the office, We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in public places.
I am going, said Nasrudin, to be hanged on that gallows.
I am here by the will of the people and I won't leave until I get my raincoat back.
I am just a nice, clean-cut Mongolian boy.
I am late to anything: I came by subway.
I am leaving because I am bored.
I am looking for a honest man.
I am more bored than you could ever possibly be.
I am never startled by a fish.
I am not a political scientist, but I understand the system very well.
I am not a politician and my other habits are also good.
I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question.
I am not afraid of picking up door knobs.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
I am not an Economist.
I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
I am not sure what this is, but an 'F' would only dignify it.
I am not sure whether it accepts me.
I am not surprised he failed, his wife said afterwards.
I am pleased to say that this candidate is a former colleague of mine.
I am pleased to see that we have differences.
I am ready to meet my Maker.
I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
I am scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.
I am serious, and stop calling me Shirley.
I am so optimistic about beef prices that I've just leased a pot roast with an option to buy.
I am spitting out all the bitterness, Along with half of my last drink.
I am stealing ideas, he said.
I am superior to you in every way by training and expertise in the technical field.
I am sure that either the one or the other is mistaken in the belief, and perhaps in some respects, both.
I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.
I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily sane.
I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-Tac-Toe.
I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
I am two with nature.
I am very fond of the company of ladies.
I am warning them today: I will fight them every step of the way if they try to dictate their moral convictions to all Americans in the name of conservatism.
I am, and the statement It is necessary that if someone is a better logician than I am then someone is a better logician than I am is false because there need not have been any me.
I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person, of pre-Adamite ancestral descent.
I am, therefore I am.
I appoint you ambassador to Fantasy Island!
I appreciate the fact that this draft was done in haste, but some of the sentences that you are sending out in the world to do your work for you are loitering in taverns or asleep beside the highway.
I apprehend, or I imagine a thing to be so or so; or so it appears to me at present.
I argued that the concession stand prices were outrageous.
I ask nothing but sincerity.
I ask only one thing.
I ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between yourself and that which may not be yourself, but which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony.
I asked for an invitation for Heinrich too, as often as it seemed possible, when Paulus and I were invited to a social gathering.
I asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career of a robber.
I asked him, What do you say?
I assure you the thought never even crossed my mind, lord.
I attribute my success to intelligence, guts, determination, honesty, ambition, and having enough money to buy people with those qualities.
I base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
I became operational at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred ninety-five.
I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
I began many years ago, as so many young men do, in searching for the perfect woman.
I believe I smell as good as most people.
I believe a little incompatibility is the spice of life, particularly if he has income and she is pattable.
I believe everything positively stinks.
I believe he will have a heart attack or retire or be removed.
I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
I believe it is a mistake to make a mock of people, just because they think.
I believe it was born with the yelping, howling, growling and snarling of wild beasts.
I believe no such thing, my good friend.
I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this country what it once was.
I believe that a factual reality exists and that science, though often in an obtuse and erratic manner, can learn about it.
I believe that if people would learn to use LSD's vision-inducing capability more wisely, under suitable conditions, in medical practice and in conjution with meditation, then in the future this problem child could become a wonder child.
I believe that part of what propels science is the thirst for wonder.
I believe that people should marry for life, like pigeons and Catholics.
I believe that professional wrestling is clean and everything else in the world is fixed.
I believe that the moment is near when by a procedure of active paranoiac thought, it will be possible to systematize confusion and contribute to the total discrediting of the world of reality.
I believe the use of noise to make music will increase until we reach a music produced through the aid of electrical instruments which will make available for musical purposes any and all sounds that can be heard.
I believed that if I looked long enough, and hard enough, I would find her and then I would be secure for life.
I bet the human brain is a kludge.
I bet your mama was tent show queen And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen I'm no school boy but I know what I like You should have heard me just around midnight.
I blew up their planet.
I blinked and answered Neon, I thought I'd blow her mind.
I bought some used paint.
I brake for chezlogs!
I call them as I see them.
I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
I came home the other day and saw him taping worms to the sidewalk, he sits there and watches the birds get hernias.
I came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys.
I came out of twelve years of college and I didn't even know how to sew.
I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.
I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
I can assure you on the highest authority that data processing is a fad and won't last out the year.
I can feel for her because, although I have never been an Alaskan prostitute dancing on the bar in a spangled dress, I still get very bored with washing and ironing and dishwashing and cooking day after relentless day.
I can find it myself.
I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
I can have something of yours to press against my heart.
I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
I can mend the break of day, heal a broken heart, and provide temporary relief to nymphomaniacs.
I can only plead that my simple, barely-sentient friend and myself are underprivileged, deprived and also college students.
I can only tell the truth.
I can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself.
I can relate to that.
I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs.
I can resist anything but temptation.
I can see him a'comin' With his big boots on, With his big thumb out, He wants to get me.
I can see it, but it's not there.
I can stand the despair.
I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent.
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
I can write programs in APL, but I can't read any of them.
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
I can't decide whether to commit suicide or go bowling.
I can't decide which WRONG TURN to make first!
I can't die until the government finds a safe place to bury my liver.
I can't even understand the people who can understand it.
I can't mate in captivity.
I can't seem to bring myself to say, Well, I guess I'll be toddling along.
I can't stand anything that shivers when it's warm.
I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
I can't tell you how happy I am that she left our firm.
I can't think about that.
I can't think why not.
I can't understand it.
I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I cannot affirm God if I fail to affirm man.
I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour.
I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats; If it be man's work I will do it.
I cannot help saying that Americans lack this necessary challenging spirit today.
I cannot overemphasize the importance of good grammar.
I cannot read or write.
I cannot recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
I cannot reccommend him too highly.
I cant spell worth a dam.
I changed my headlights the other day.
I chased down the error and fixed it.
I checked into a hotel and they had towels from my house.
I checked your Christmas Club account.
I close my eyes for a moment and then log off.
I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to summarize.
I collected some of their Proverbs.
I come before you to stand behind you, To tell you something I know nothing about.
I come from a small town whose population never changed.
I consider a new device or technology to have been culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
I consider that cooking.
I consider the day misspent that I am not either charged with a crime, or arrested for one.
I construe that perforce it must be one of two alternative duties, as given below.
I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?
I could come to any conclusion it occurred to me that my speech or my silence, indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility.
I could dance with you till the cows come home.
I could easily overemphasize the importance of good grammar.
I could have answered it if I had been there.
I could have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing.
I could never give assent to the long complicated statements of Christian dogma.
I could never spend it all.
I could never stand to see anyone like that, especially when they were old like this one was.
I could no sooner give it up that I could the very air that I breath.
I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk white BMW and her Jordache smile.
I couldn't get mail through so I'm posting it.
I couldn't get mail through to somebody on another site.
I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.
I couldn't remember the proof.
I couldn't remember things until I took that Sam Carnegie course.
I couldn't remember when I had been so disappointed.
I couldn't wait to go back to the United States.
I cremated Sam McGee.
I decided not to learn this particular lesson.
I demand smell, he shrilled.
I demand that you log off immediately.
I despise it, I defy it, and I hate it.
I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.
I develop for Linux for a living, I used to develop for DOS.
I did cancel one performance in Holland where they thought my music was so easy that they didn't rehearse at all.
I did not know what aggressively tacky meant until I read today's fortune.
I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry often have little else to sustain them.
I did not, when a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent songs.
I did some heavy research so as to be prepared for Mommy, why is the sky blue?
I did this 'cause Linux gives me a woody.
I didn't ask to be made.
I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.
I didn't have much money, so I had to get an irregular.
I didn't hear Sam the Sham and the Pharoahs!
I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.
I didn't know it was impossible when I did it.
I didn't know what I was gonna do.
I didn't like the play, but I saw it under adverse conditions.
I didn't order any WOO-WOO.
I didn't, for a long time, but I do now.
I disagree with what you say, but will defend to the death your right to tell such LIES!
I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
I dislike companies that have a we-are-the-high-priests-of-hardware-so-you'll- like-what-we-give-you attitude.
I distrust a close-mouthed man.
I distrust a man who says 'when.
I distrust a man who says when.
I do believe that is a record.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle, she said, the tollway belle's for thee.
I do not believe any of them ever committed suicide.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church, nor by any Church that I know of.
I do not believe that this generation of Americans is willing to resign itself to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon.
I do not care if half the league strikes.
I do not fear computers.
I do not find in orthodox Christianity one redeeming feature.
I do not have to share my resources with anyone.
I do not know its name, so I will call it the Tao of Programming.
I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern, any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted.
I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
I do not know why the color blue was chosen; I'm sure it was the result of a long debate, spread over several meetings.
I do not remember ever having seen a sustained argument by an author which, starting from philosophical premises likely to meet with general acceptance, reached the conclusion that a praiseworthy ordering of one's life is to devote it to research in mathematics.
I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play.
I do not want to go into that.
I do what I get paid to do.
I don't ask for much, I only want trust, And you know it don't come easy.
I don't believe in sweeping social change being manifested by one person, unless he has an atomic weapon.
I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial.
I don't care for the term 'mechanistic'.
I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to run their own business.
I don't care if you burst into flames and die!
I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the nominating.
I don't care, responds the husband.
I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that either.
I don't do it for the money.
I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
I don't enjoy the sky or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.
I don't even butter my bread.
I don't expect that will last.
I don't get no respect.
I don't get you, said the assistant.
I don't have an eating problem.
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
I don't have any use for bodyguards, but I do have a specific use for two highly trained certified public accountants.
I don't have any water, all I have are ties, replies the salesman, and he heads off into the distance.
I don't have it this morning.
I don't have time for that.
I don't have to laugh, she said.
I don't hold a grudge.
I don't kill flies, but I like to mess with their minds.
I don't know WHY I said that.
I don't know any more about this thing than an economist does, and, God knows, he doesn't know much.
I don't know anything about music.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
I don't know if this particular strain has an official name, but if it does, it must be something like Martian Death Flu.
I don't know what Descartes' got, But booze can do what Kant cannot.
I don't know what it would be, but I think it'd be good to hear someone say, Gentlemen, what we have here is a terrifying example of the reindeer effect.
I don't know what it's about.
I don't know what it's all about.
I don't know what their gripe is.
I don't know what you mean by 'glory', Alice said.
I don't know where the nog comes from.
I don't know where we come from, Don't know where we're going to, And if all this should have a reason, We would be the last to know.
I don't know which part.
I don't know who built to it.
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
I don't know who to call but I can't reach my Food-a-holics partner.
I don't know why but, suddenly, I want to discuss declining I.
I don't know why they gave me men's shirts but they're going back.
I don't know why we're here, I say we all go home and free associate.
I don't know, I didn't listen.
I don't know, it keeps changing.
I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
I don't like spinach, and I'm glad I don't, because if I liked it I'd eat it, and I just hate it.
I don't like the Dutchman.
I don't like the idea of a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
I don't like your trousers.
I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
I don't mean the people boo louder or longer, but there is a very special intimacy.
I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is particularly dead about a door-nail.
I don't mind arguing with myself.
I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path.
I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the streets and frighten the horses.
I don't need no arms around me.
I don't need no drugs to calm me.
I don't remember it, but I have it written down.
I don't remember the question.
I don't remember what it was.
I don't respect the law; I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper, and old men and women warmer in the winter, and happier in the summer.
I don't say embrace trouble; that's as bad as treating it as an enemy.
I don't see why I should have to believe in it in this one.
I don't talk to machines!
I don't think that the Church of Ubizmo is a wonderful place would turn into the Church of Ubizmo is a wonderful place.
I don't think the nurse is standing there with a stopwatch and a notepad.
I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital.
I don't think they'd let him out.
I don't understand you anymore.
I don't understand, said the scientist, why you lemmings all rush down to the sea and drown yourselves.
I don't wanna argue, and I don't wanna fight, But there will definitely be a party tonight.
I don't want people to love me.
I don't want them to celebrate alone.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I don't want to be young again, I just don't want to get any older.
I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.
I don't want to explain it five times.
I don't want to know.
I don't want to live on in my work, I want to live on in my apartment.
I don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?
I dote on his very absence.
I doubt that I will feel like talking for very long, the cat replied without rancor.
I doubt, therefore I might be.
I dozed off during this, but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with energy policy and neither do you.
I dreamed I'd been in a border town, In a little cantina that the boys had found, I was desperate to dance, just to dig the local sounds.
I drink, I get drunk, I fall down.
I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying.
I drowned her in a cask of rum, And so made sure that she would stay In better spirits night and day.
I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.
I enjoy the time that we spend together.
I even took my socks off.
I exist, therefore I am paid.
I expect every installation has its own pet software which is analogous to the above.
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
I fear the lack of them.
I feel better about world problems now!
I feel compelled to mention what I know to be a gloating point: There's lots of room in memory for variables floating-point, Which shows for input vegetable, animal, and mineral I've built a better model than the one at Data General.
I feel like I'm in a Toilet Bowl with a thumbtack in my forehead!
I feel like I've just got to bite a cat!
I feel like a wet parking meter on Darvon!
I feel like if I don't bite a cat before sundown, I'll go crazy!
I feel like that all the time.
I feel partially hydrogenated!
I feel sorry for your brain.
I feel that what OTHER consenting computers do in the privacy of their own phone connections is their own business.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on, so I woke up from sheer boredom.
I felt that we two might commit some act so atrocious that the world, seeing us, would find it irresistible.
I figured there was this holocaust, right, and the only ones left alive were Donna Reed, Ozzie and Harriet, and the Cleavers.
I finally went to the eye doctor.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations, A singular development of cat communications That obviates your basic hedonistic predelection For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
I find you lack of faith in the forth dithturbing.
I for one cannot protest the recent M.
I forget her other qualities.
I forget what I was going to say.
I formed the legislative bodies with my own money.
I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
I found a pile of them over in the corner.
I found out why my car was humming.
I found that it was cheaper that way.
I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment.
I gave all of the money to my friend Slick, and with it he built a nuclear weapon.
I gave my love an Apple, that had no core; I gave my love a building, that had no floor; I wrote my love a program, that had no end; I gave my love an upgrade, with no cryin'.
I gave them a lecture and told them to cancel the performance; they then said over the radio that i had insisted on their cancelling the performance because they were insufficiently Zen.
I gave them nothing for something.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
I get an orange after food.
I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal.
I get up each morning, gather my wits.
I go To heal my heart and drown my woe.
I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
I go to my analyst and we work it out.
I got a freaky old lady, name of Cole King Katie, Who embroiders on my jeans.
I got a full house and 4 people died.
I got a full house and four people died.
I got a question for ya.
I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.
I got everybody to pay up front.
I got four shirts of yours from the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.
I got into an elevator at work and this man followed in after me.
I got kicked out of a theater the other day for bringing my own food in.
I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.
I got my poor old gray-haired daddy, Drivin' my limousine.
I got sick and tired of doing that dog's work for him.
I got the bill for my surgery.
I got tired of listening to the recording on the phone at the movie theater.
I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection.
I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
I gotta stay home with the nurse.
I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day.
I grabbed a cake of soap and washed myself ashore.
I guess I better go check, he says.
I guess I should call AL PACINO!
I guess I've been wrong all my life, but so have billions of other people.
I guess it was all a DREAM.
I guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
I guess some things never leave you.
I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
I guess you're gonna be all right.
I had an errand there: gathering water-lilies, green leaves and lilies white to please my pretty lady, the last ere the year's end to keep them from the winter, to flower by her pretty feet till the snows are melted.
I had another dream the other day about music critics.
I had been nervous from the start about the hazards of too much input, which is a very real problem with these things.
I had found an error.
I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I happened to be in the right.
I had no shoes and I pitied myself.
I had not become a more observing Jew; rather, discovering that the label of Jew was offensive to others made me want to let people know who I was and what I believed in.
I had pancake makeup for brunch!
I had punched her boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls.
I had this idea for a new horror film, VMS Manuals from Hell or maybe The Paper Chase : IBM vs.
I had to decide quickly.
I had to get it disconnected.
I happily gave all of this.
I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day cause that means it's going to be up all night.
I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.
I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park there's nothing else to do.
I have a box of telephone rings under my bed.
I have a dog; I named him Stay.
I have a dream that one day, on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
I have a friend who just got back from the Soviet Union, and told me the people there are hungry for information about the West.
I have a friend whose a billionaire.
I have a hard time being attracted to anyone who can beat me up.
I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me, And what can be the use of him is more than I can see.
I have a map of the United States.
I have a much better algorithm.
I have a program that I'm working on.
I have a rock garden.
I have a son at Harvard and another son at Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.
I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything.
I have a terrible headache, I was putting on toilet water and the lid fell.
I have a theory that it's impossible to prove anything, but I can't prove it.
I have a very good DENTAL PLAN.
I have a very small mind and must live with it.
I have a very strange feeling about this.
I have accepted Provolone into my life!
I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to sacrifice my wife's brother.
I have also declined several offers of great personal advantage to myself.
I have always been diturbed by the sight of Lincoln's ears.
I have always noticed that whenever a radical takes to Imperialism, he catches it in a very acute form.
I have an existential map.
I have argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, cosmic conciousness, and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of neuroscience.
I have become me without my consent.
I have been one of those people who never go anywhere without a thermometer, a hotwater bottle, a gargle, a raincoat and a parachute.
I have defined the hundred per cent American as ninety-nine per cent an idiot.
I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable to sit still in a room.
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats.
I have discovered the perfect solution!
I have dispatched reports on the character, wit, and spleen of every officer.
I have examined Bogota, he said, and the case is clearer to me.
I have fasted, been celibate and stayed awake nights seeking enlightenment.
I have five dollars for each of you.
I have followed the rules of programming, yet I am totally baffled.
I have for sale in Manhattan.
I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love.
I have found little that is good about human beings.
I have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire winter with slightly over half that quantity of beer.
I have gained this by philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.
I have given up everything I was asked to give up and I have suffered, but I have not been enlightened.
I have given up running for the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
I have had my television aerials removed.
I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?
I have just had eighteen whiskeys in a row.
I have just one word for you, my boy.
