I have known him much longer than you have, and will be answerable for the event.
I have learned To spell hors d'oeuvres Which still grates on Some people's n'oeuvres.
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind.
I have lots of things in my pockets; None of them is worth anything.
I have made mistakes but I have never made the mistake of claiming that I have never made one.
I have made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it shorter.
I have many friends who, immediately upon buying a snakebite kit, would be tempted to throw the first person they see to the ground, tie the tourniquet on him, slash him with the knife, and apply suction to the wound.
I have more hit points that you can possible imagine.
I have more information in one place than anybody in the world.
I have never been one to sacrifice my appetite on the altar of appearance.
I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
I have never seen anything fill up a vacuum so fast and still suck.
I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question.
I have never understood this liking for war.
I have never written a C program before.
I have no doubt about his capability to do good work.
I have no doubt the Devil grins, As seas of ink I spatter.
I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly true.
I have no idea who I AM!
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes.
I have not been able to answer.
I have not the slightest confidence in 'spiritual manifestations.
I have not yet begun to byte!
I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying, and for this reason: I can never be satisfied with anyone who would be blockhead enough to have me.
I have observed, for example, that we all get about the same amount of ice.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
I have often seen her at my bus stop, although we have never spoken, and I don't even know her name.
I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these Calculating Engines.
I have seen the Great Pretender and he is not what he seems.
I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
I have seen the writing on the wall.
I have some bad news, says the doctor, and some worse news.
I have some features that I wish to add.
I have stripped off my dress; must I put it on again?
I have that old biological urge, I have that old irresistible surge, I'm hungry.
I have the simplest tastes.
I have the world's largest collection of sea shells.
I have to come out from somewhere and catch them.
I have to convince you, or at least snow you.
I have to push the pram a lot.
I have to think hard to name an interesting man who does not drink.
I have travelled the length and breadth of this country, and have talked with the best people in business administration.
I have washed my feet; must I soil them again?
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when you looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
I haven't been married in over six years, but we had sexual counseling every day from Oral Roberts!
I haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby.
I haven't even compiled this kernel yet.
I haven't got an answer yet.
I haven't had time for tobacco since.
I haven't lost my mind.
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.
I hear the sound that the machines make, and feel my heart break, just for a moment.
I hear what you're saying but I just don't care.
I heard a definition of an intellectual, that I thought was very interesting: a man who takes more words than are necessary to tell more than he knows.
I held her for so long.
I hold a wolf by the ears.
I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing.
I honestly believe that the doctrine of hell was born in the glittering eyes of snakes that run in frightful coils watching for their prey.
I honk the horn, slam the door, turn on all the lights, stomp up to the bedroom and give my wife a big kiss.
I hop into the shower stall.
I hope I bought the right relish.
I hope I can remember what it was by the time I find it.
I hope I don't get run over again.
I hope it will not be irreverent of me to say that if it is probable that God would reveal his will to others on a point so connected with my duty, it might be supposed he would reveal it directly to me.
I hope something GOOD came in the mail today so I have a REASON to live!
I hope they do get 'em lowered down enough so people can afford to pay 'em.
I hope they don't hit the ball to Sax.
I hope they don't hit the ball to me.
I hope you have a kid just like yourself.
I hope you millionaires are having fun!
I hope you're not pretending to be evil while secretly being good.
I hope you're satisfied.
I hope your going too tell me what to do?
I hurried along the old passage and there, in the sunlight, there was nothing.
I inserted some random characters into the executable.
I insist on believing that some men are my equals.
I invented disclaimers!
I invented skydiving in 1989!
I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and J is for join, which nobody uses.
I joined scientology at a garage sale!
I judge a religion as being good or bad based on whether its adherents become better people as a result of practicing it.
I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke.
I just bought a microwave fireplace.
I just can't remember it all at once.
I just don't want to be there when it happens.
I just forgot my whole philosophy of life!
I just got my PRINCE bumper sticker.
I just got out of the hospital after a speed reading accident.
I just had a NOSE JOB!
I just invested half your life savings in yeast!
I just know I'm a better manager when I have Joe DiMaggio in center field.
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
I just sold a screenplay for two hundred thousand dollars.
I just think about it.
I just thought of something funny.
I just wanna ride on my motorsickle.
I just want to be a good engineer.
I just want to get my saddle back!
I just want to ride on my motorcy.
I just wanted to thank you for a terrific weekend.
I just went below the poverty line!
I just went to an art museum where all of the art was done by children.
I just wish it wasn't this one.
I just won the California lottery!
I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world.
I keep seeing spots in front of my eyes.
I kissed my first girl and smoked my first cigarette on the same day.
I knew her before she was a virgin.
I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better take one along that worked.
I knew that he disliked me to cry.
I knew the language of the floweret; My fragile leaves, it said, his heart enclose.
I know I keep you amused, But I feel I'm being used.
I know guys can't learn from yesterday.
I know if you been talkin' you done said just how suprised you wuz by the living dead.
I know it; I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.
I know men that would make my wife a better husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
I know not how I came into this, shall I call it a dying life or a living death?
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
I know of very few things I would take seriously.
I know on which side my bread is buttered.
I know people who can't even learn from what happened this morning.
I know some people are terrified of the bomb.
I know the disposition of women: when you will, they won't; when you won't, they set their hearts upon you of their own inclination.
I know the divorce rate among unmarried Catholic Alaskan females!
I know what 'it' means well enough, when I find a thing, said the Duck: it's generally a frog or a worm.
I know what I'm doing.
I know what you're thinking.
I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says, but I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what it means.
I know you think you thought you knew what you thought I said, but I'm not sure you understood what you thought I meant.
I know you're in search of yourself, I just haven't seen you anywhere.
I know, the man replies.
I lately lost a preposition; It hid, I thought, beneath my chair And angrily I cried, Perdition!
I lay my head on the railroad tracks, Waitin' for the double E.
I learned to play guitar just to get the girls, and anyone who says they didn't is just lyin'!
I lied about the upgrade, with no cryin'!
I lift my disk beside the processor.
I like a state of continual becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
I like commodity markets in which iron-and- silicon hawkers know that they exist to provide fast toys for software types like me to play with.
I like mannish children.
I like myself, but I won't say I'm as handsome as the bull that kidnapped Europa.
I like that in a goddess.
I like that in a person.
I like the way ONLY their mouths move.
I like their beauty, I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote peace than our governments.
I like to kill mosquitoes.
I like to think it's just the Linux people who want to be on the leading edge so bad they walk right off the precipice.
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
I like your SNOOPY POSTER!
I like your game but we have to change the rules.
I live alone, he continued, you can have the bedroom at the top of the stairs, to the right.
I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.
I loathe people who keep dogs.
I look at life as being cruise director on the Titanic.
I looked at him and said 'You know, you're the kind of guy I want to hang around with.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour!
I love being married.
I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.
I love entertainment So long as it's clean.
I love treason but hate a traitor.
I love you darling, yes I do; Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you; All you are is a blossoming rose.
I love you more than anything in this world.
I love you, not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
I love your body and your spirit and your clothes.
I love your outfit, does it come in your size?
I loved her with a love thirsty and desperate.
I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments of others, and all positive assertion of my own.
I maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience.
I make a big racket when I go home, his friend replied.
I managed to say, Sorry, and no more.
I married beneath me.
I marvel at thee, Octopus; If I were thou, I'd call me us.
I may appear to be just sitting here like a bucket of tapioca, but don't let appearances fool you.
I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!
I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously.
I may not be able to walk, but I drive from a sitting position.
I may not be able to walk, but I drive from the sitting posistion.
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
I may not get there, but I'm going first class.
I mean Apples are nice you know?
I mean I don't really know, you know?
I mean it's only natural, a natural process really.
I mean, I've never seen a Porsche full of money before.
I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series?
I mean, like, I just read your article in the Yale law recipe, on search and seizure.
I mean, love is something to be passed around freely, not spooned down someone's throat for their own good by a Jewish mother who cooked it all by herself.
I mean, man, whither goest thou?
I mean, she said, that one can't help growing older.
I mean, where's it going to end?
I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
I meant 'there's a nice knock-down argument for you!
I meant no harm; I just liked the explosions.
I memorized the all WORDS to WIPE-OUT in 1965!
I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar, She asked me if I'd beat her.
I met a wonderful new man.
I met her in a Kingstown bar, We fell in love, I knew it had to end.
I met my latest girl friend in a department store.
I met someone who looks at lot like you, She does the things you do, but she is an IBM.
I might as well pay a visit to the LADIES ROOM.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
I might have been inclined, myself, to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a congressman.
I moved to the door with boxy, schlep-shouldered strides.
I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's; I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
I must help rid the world of it.
I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
I need a completely solid layer of roses all around me like puffing factories of smell, attacking me with their smell and power-ramming big stinking concentrations of rose odor up my nostrils until I'm wasted with pleasure.
I need an energy crunch!
I need another lawyer like I need another hole in my head.
I need some four-by-two's, he says.
I need total bath coverage.
I need your help, I say 'tween sobs, 'Cause I'll soon be listed in net.
I needed the good will of the legislature of four states.
I never ask advice about growing, Alice said indignantly.
I never cheated an honest man, only rascals.
I never could get the hang of mornings.
I never cut out words in the middle of a quote without a VERY good reason, and I never cut them out without including ellipses.
I never deny, I never contradict.
I never did it that way before.
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they do today.
I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to go away.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
I never have to go upstairs.
I never killed a man that didn't deserve it.
I never let my schooling get in the way of my education.
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
I never made a mistake in my life.
I never met a man I couldn't drink handsome.
I never met a man I didn't want to fight.
I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.
I never met a woman I couldn't drink pretty.
I never saw a purple cow I never hope to see one But I can tell you anyhow I'd rather see than be one.
I never saw anyone hit with his face.
I never take work home with me; I always leave it in some bar along the way.
I never vote for anyone.
I no longer do childish things, but because those I call adults are no more mature than I am.
I no longer thought that.
I not infrequently tried this method at the meetings of the Royal Geographical Society, for even there dull memoirs are occasionally read.
I not only came in last, I was hit in the mouth by Miss Congeniality.
I noticed the room keys had been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors.
I object to intellect without discipline; I object to power without constructive purpose.
I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation.
I once decorated my apartment entirely in ten foot salad forks!
I once witnessed a long-winded, month-long flamewar over the use of mice vs.
I only have a dollar.
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree, A fairer summer and a later fall Than in these parts a man is apt to see, And sunny clusters ripened for the wine: I tell you this across the blackened vine.
I only know what I read in the papers.
I only need them to read, so I got flip-ups.
I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!
I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished words and an implicit sense of her departure.
I ordered chocolate, not vanilla, I screamed.
I owe the public nothing.
I owe, I owe, It's off to work I go.
I own seven-eighths of all the artists in downtown Burbank!
I picked it up and said 'Hello?
I picked them up and rolled them back.
I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground.
I place economy among the first and most important virtues, and public debt as the greatest of dangers to be feared.
I played lead guitar in a band called The Federal Duck, which is the kind of name that was popular in the '60s as a result of controlled substances being in widespread use.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
I poured spot remover on my dog.
I predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!
I predict this motel will be standing, Until I've paid my bill.
I prefer rogues to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
I prefer rogues to imbeciles, because they sometimes take a rest.
I prefer the blunted cudgels of the followers of the Serpent God.
I prefer the most unjust peace to the most righteous war.
I probably wouldn't make such good grades, but I'd learn more.
I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
I program, therefore I am.
I pushed '1' and he just stood there.
I put a new engine in my car, but didn't take the old one out.
I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes.
I put in strobe lights instead!
I put instant coffee in a microwave and almost went back in time.
I put my head down on the table and sobbed, If only she could come back; I would be nice.
I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for: If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go crude.
I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
I ran into a friend of mine on the street the other day.
I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much that she didn't recognize me.
I ran it for high-mass stars and low-mass stars, for stars born exceedingly hot and those born relatively cold.
I read Playboy for the same reason I read National Geographic.
I read a lot of science fiction.
I read the Bash man page each day like a Jehovah's Witness reads the Bible.
I read the newspaper avidly.
I realize it's just a device.
I realize that command does have its fascination, even under circumstances such as these, but I neither enjoy the idea of command nor am I frightened of it.
I realize that it must seem so strange, That time has rearranged, but time has the final word, She knows I think of you, she reads my mind, She tries to be unkind, she knows nothing of our world.
I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern.
I realize that the concept of wild horses probably stirs romantic notions in many of you, but this is because you have never met any wild horses in person.
I realize that the whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile so we can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the plumber.
I realize that today you have a number of top female athletes such as Martina Navratilova who can run like deer and bench-press Chevrolet trucks.
I realized that there was far more to haute cuisine then I'd ever imagined.
I really hate this damned machine I wish that they would sell it.
I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens who, reading newspapers, live and die in the belief that they have known something of what has been passing in their time.
I recently read an article that said, reply by mail, I'll summarize.
I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the reader.
I recommend pleasant.
I refuse to answer that question.
I refuse to consign the whole male sex to the nursery.
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
I remember Ulysses well.
I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called Dad.
I remember my first beer.
I remember once being on a station platform in Cleveland at four in the morning.
I remember putting them in my burette.
I remember when I was a kid I used to come home from Sunday School and my mother would get drunk and try to make pancakes.
I remember when legal used to mean lawful, now it means some kind of loophole.
I reminded him that the Hawkins' had a fence across there about five years back.
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.
I replied, They used to say the same thing about drugs.
I represent a sardine!
I request a weekend in Havana with Phil Silvers!
I reserve the right to wax maudlin as I wane eloquent.
I resisted the temptation, however, to call the present work Kermit the Book.
I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their religions.
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
I respect the institution of marriage.
I reverently believe that the maker who made us all makes everything in New England, but the weather.
I said 'Hi, where you going?
I said Hi, what's happenin'?
I said I didn't know.
I said I hope it is a good party, said Galder, loudly.
I said it very loud and clear, I told them, This is what I wish.
I said, Hey, buddy, I got your check, he said, Thanks.
I said, I will climb up into the palm to grasp its fronds.
I said, No, I made a few mistakes.
I said, Preacher, give me strength for round 5.
I said, Well, what do you need?
I said, Yes, but to me they're the same because I go by thickness.
I said, You're right.
I said,Growin' up leads to growin' old, And then to dying, and to me that don't sound like much fun.
I salivate at the sight of mittens.
I sat and smiled like an idiot as more of the truth dawned.
I sat down beside her, said hello, offered to buy her a drink.
I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated by the corresponding row and column labels.
I saw a long article that I wish to rebut carefully, what should I do?
I saw a man pursuing the Horizon, 'Round and round they sped.
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
I saw an eagle fly once.
I saw what you did and I know who you are.
I say Yes ma'am for working's sake.
I say a rented car handles best.
I say this because other systems are worse.
I say we take off; nuke the site from orbit.
I say, I just told you what I really think.
I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting today?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
I see a bad moon rising.
I see a good deal of talk from Washington about lowering taxes.
I see a young lady who goes under the guise of being a Christian, known all over the nation, dressed in skin-tight leather pants, shaking and wiggling her hips to the beat and rythm of the music as the strobe lights beat their patterns across the stage and the band plays the contemporary rock soun If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
I see earthquakes and lightnin' I see bad times today.
I see little divinity about them or you.
I see that the device claims to have three levels of play: Easy, Medium, and Hard, said the master.
I see the eigenvalue in thine eye, I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh.
I see the true importance of LSD in the possibility of providing materail aid to meditation aimed at the mystical experience of a deeper, comprehensive reality.
I see them coming, I slow down, I watch silently.
I see to the very back of your mind.
I see trouble on the way.
I see where we are starting to pay some attention to our neigbors to the south.
I seek the Holy Grail.
I shall be sober in the morning.
I shall dwell in the house of Texas instruments forever.
I shall expect a chemical cure for psychopathic behavior by 10 A.
I shall fall, Like a bright exhalation in the evening And no man see me more.
I shall let go, and let it take me where it will.
I shall not cease from mental fight, Nor shall my sword rest in my hand, Till we have built Jerusalem In England's green and pleasant land.
I shall now elaborate: Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
I share the belief of many of my contemporaries that the spiritual crisis pervading all spheres of Western industrial society can be remedied only by a change in our world view.
I shot a query into the net.
I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses.
I should find what I'm looking for by mid May.
I should have been a country-western singer.
I should have expected to find you holding Vader's leash.
I should have liked, I do confess, to have had the lightest license of a child, and yet been man enough to know its value.
I should have no hesitation in sacrificing my own life to spare yours, but we take stock next week, and it would not be fair on the company.
I should say not, dear fellow.
I simply can't say enough good things about him.
I sit still and let the joy of the work fill my being.
I slapped my key on the desk and nodded gravely.
I smell a RANCID CORN DOG!
I smell like a wet reducing clinic on Columbus Day!
I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the conversations I engaged in went on more pleasantly.
I sought him but I did not find him, I called him but he did not answer.
I speak as an expert in explosives.
I spent a good ten minutes telling Emacs what I thought of it.
I spent it on a fling with your best friend, Charles.
I spent last summer folding it.
I sprang from my tube to see what was the matter.
I started to speak, but she raised an arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget.
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards.
I stick my neck out for nobody.
I still have my lantern.
I still have some of the theory to work out, but now I'm certain that I'm on the right track.
I still maintain the point that designing a monolithic kernel in 1991 is a fundamental error.
I stood on the leading edge, The eastern seaboard at my feet.
I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup, when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice.
I stopped being loud and bossy.
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six.
I stopped him as he was dragging it off by the tail to show me how it was used.
I strained it to expose its weaknesses.
I suggest a new strategy, Artoo: let the Wookie win.
I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do too much damage if it catches fire or explodes.
I suppose I could collect my books and get on back to school, Or steal my daddy's cue and make a living out of playing pool, Or find myself a rock 'n' roll band, That needs a helping hand, Oh, Maggie I wish I'd never seen your face.
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which I happen to have in my top desk drawer.
I suppose that in a few hours I will sober up.
I suppose you expect me to talk.
I swear that greed for money has nothing to do with it, although heaven knows I am sorely in need of money.
I take Him shopping with me.
I talked about Choo-Choo trains.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
I tell them to turn to the study of mathematics, for it is only there that they might escape the lusts of the flesh.
I tell ya, gambling never agreed with me.
I tell you I'm too excited.
I thank God they were satisfied with the missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
I then compile the program.
I think I am an overnight sensation right now!
I think I'll KILL myself by leaping out of this 14th STORY WINDOW while reading ERICA JONG'S poetry!
I think I'll end it all, Sue sighed.
I think I'll have a few more drinks to prepare myself.
I think I'm in the wrong building.
I think I'm in the wrong joke.
I think I'm schizophrenic.
I think KEN is OVER-DUE on his R.
I think Michael is like litmus paper - he's always trying to learn.
I think a relationship is like a shark.
I think beavers work too hard.
I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell's ass.
I think for the most part that the readership here uses the c-word in a similar fashion.
I think he's from the CIA.
I think he's weird because he wears false teeth.
I think if we are honest with ourselves, we must admit that we needed that impetus extremely strongly.
I think if you look at the color scale, you start at black, move it through purple, move it on out, it's the shifting of color.
I think it clever of the turtle In such a fix to be so fertile.
I think it is ignorance that makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain undismayed at the proximity of normal to average and mediocre.
I think it would be a good idea.
I think it would be better for us both if you were to just log out again.
I think it's in my basement.
I think it's transparent rubbish.
I think most people would cry to gain a point.
I think my career is ruined!
I think not, my friend, I think not.
I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
I think that I shall never hear A poem lovelier than beer.
I think that I shall never see A billboard lovely as a tree.
I think that I shall never see A thing as lovely as a tree.
I think that I think, therefore I think that I am.
I think that all good, right thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that all good, right thinking people in this country are fed up with being told that all good, right thinking people in this country are fed up with being sick and tired.
I think that all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that ordinary decent people are fed up in this country with being sick and tired.
I think that's how dogs spend their lives.
I think that's what I mean.
I think the guy in the hat did something terrible.
I think the sky is blue because it's a shift from black through purple to blue, and it has to do with where the light is.
I think the system of Morals and his Religion, as he left them to us, the best the World ever saw or is likely to see; but I apprehend it has received various corrupting Changes, and I have, with most of the present Dissenters in England, some doubts as to his divinity.
I think the world is ready for the story of an ugly duckling, who grew up to remain an ugly duckling, and lived happily ever after.
I think the world is run by C students.
I think there are burglars in the house.
I think there's a world market for about five computers.
I think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my lifetime.
I think very probably he might be cured.
I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones.
I think we need more owls.
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
I think we're in trouble.
I think what you've got here could be very exciting.
I think you are being unrealistic, said the manager.
I think you get my drift.
I think your opinions are reasonable, except for the one about my mental instability.
I think, barring a series of catastrophic events, that we can look to at least another decade during which many of the big problems around this country will have to be addressed by institutions other than federal government.
I think, said one, and my husband thinks That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!
I think, therefore I am.
I thought 'One of us is in real trouble'.
I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
I thought I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on board.
I thought I should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to get off my driveway.
I thought I was dancing, 'til somebody stepped on my hand.
I thought YOU silenced the guard!
I thought everybody laughed at company training films.
I thought it was when your kids learned to drive.
I thought it was you.
I thought my people would grow tired of killing.
I thought that was differently haired.
I thought that you said you were 20 years old!
I thought there was something fishy about the butler.
I thought this was a nude rap session!
I thought you fixed that last century!
I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.
I thought you said you were an accountant!
I thought you were trying to get into shape.
I threw up on my window!
I told her to slow down a little, but you know cocktail waitresses, they seem to have a mind of their own.
I told him I can't call everybody I want to anymore, my phone doesn't have a five.
I told my kids, Someday, you'll have kids of your own.
I told my roommate, Isn't this amazing?
I told that to a network president, and he was deeply unimpressed.
I told you I told you I told you I was one of those.
I told you he was stupid!
I told you so when it doesn't work.
I took a course in speed reading and was able to read War and Peace in twenty minutes.
I took a fish head to the movies and I didn't have to pay.
I took a kettle from the shelf, It would be better to obey.
I took the cigarette from my mouth and kissed her again.
I treasure this strange combination found in very few persons: a fierce desire for life as well as a lucid perception of the ultimate futility of the quest.
I tried complaints to his sysadmin, organizing mail campaigns, called for his removal from the net and phoning his employer to get him fired.
I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of.
I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast and drown myself in the noise.
I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
I trying to be Smalltalk.
I turn on my television set.
I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out.
I understand why you're confused.
I use not only all the brains I have, but all those I can borrow as well.
I use shoe polish to excess.
I use technology in order to hate it more properly.
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
I used to be a rebel in my youth.
I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality.
I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused.
I used to enjoy eating McDonald's hamburgers and drinking Iron City Lite, and then I encountered the kosher dill pickle.
I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance.
I used to go to UCLA, but then my Dad got a job.
I used to have a drinking problem.
I used to jog, but the ice kept bouncing out of my glass.
I used to live in a house by the freeway.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to think romantic love was a neurosis shared by two, a supreme foolishness.
I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in my body.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory.
I usually finish them before they get a word in.
I usually pick one small topic like this to give a lecture on.
I value kindness to human beings first of all, and kindness to animals.
I voted for Dianne Feinstein!
I waited and waited and when no message came I knew it must be from you.
I want 97 kilos already rolled, I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.
I want a NEW SHIRT and a PONY TAIL with lemon sauce!
I want a WESSON OIL lease!
I want a bottle of Red Eye that's always filled, I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
I want another RE-WRITE on my CEASAR SALAD!
I want is a dill pickle!
I want my nose in lights!
I want the presidency so bad I can already taste the hors d'oeuvres.
I want this place evacuated in 20 seconds!
I want to achieve immortality through not dying.
I want to be the white man's brother, not his brother-in-law.
I want to dispute sentence structure with SUSAN SONTAG!
I want to do the Latin Hustle now!
I want to go, oh, oh, oh.
I want to kill everyone here with a cute colorful Hydrogen Bomb!
I want to know the meaning of life.
I want to light my cigars with 10 dollar bills, I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
I want to mail a bronzed artichoke to Nicaragua!
I want to marry a girl just like the girl that married dear old dad.
I want to perform cranial activities with Tuesday Weld!
I want to read my new poem about pork brains and outer space.
I want to so HAPPY, the VEINS in my neck STAND OUT!
I want to tell you that's not true.
I want two ROUND BLACK EARS to make me feel warm 'n secure!
I want very much to have Charles Eames share in whatever potential there is.
I want you to organize my PASTRY trays.
I want you to picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
I want you to picture the trusting face of a child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.
I want you to sign the papers.
I wanted to convince you that you must learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it.
I wanted to know what Freight was too.
I was RAISED on thought balloons!
I was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.
I was afraid you might have some idea that you could borrow from me!
I was appalled by this story of the destruction of a member of a valued endangered species.
I was at the roulette table, having a lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
I was at this restaurant.
I was born because it was a habit in those days, people didn't know anything else.
I was born in a Hostess Cupcake factory before the sexual revolution!
I was born in a barrel of butcher knives Trouble I love and peace I despise Wild horses kicked me in my side Then a rattlesnake bit me and he walked off and died.
I was certainly too loaded to care.
I was coming to that, the Knight said.
I was delighted with the video game craze, thinking we could compete as equals.
I was disturbed at this, I accosted the man, It is futile, I said.
I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn.
I was eatin' some chop suey, With a lady in St.
I was elected Student Government President by mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.
I was gambling in Havana, I took a little risk.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did.
I was hungry but could not go out for food, lest she come and I not be there to greet her.
I was in Bogota and waiting for a lady friend.
I was in Vegas last week.
I was in a bar and I walked up to a beautiful woman and said, Do you live around here often?
I was in a beauty contest one.
I was in love, a long time ago.
I was loaded enough to be unable to tell whether they could tell I was loaded.
I was lucky to be chosen and clever enough to understand them.
I was making donuts and now I'm on a bus!
I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as those without might see and hear.
I was never so bethumped with words since I first called my brother's father dad.
I was not a Child Prodigy, because a Child Prodigy is a child who knows as much when it is a child as it does when it grows up.
I was offered a job as a hoodlum and I turned it down cold.
I was on the lam at the time and not able to work at my regular line.
I was part of that strange race of people aptly described as spending their lives doing things they detest to make money they don't want to buy things they don't need to impress people they dislike.
I was playing poker the other night.
I was pulled over for speeding today.
I was serving on the lead battleship and was on watch on the bridge as night fell.
I was shot midway between the fracas and the naval.
I was so ugly that my dad kept the kid's picture that came with the wallet he bought.
I was still loud and bossy, but only behind his back.
I was struck by the beauty of the place.
I was supposed to be 80 degrees today, and I said Oops.
I was the best I ever had.
I was the onliest boxer in history people asked questions like a senator.
I was working on a case.
I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
I wasted time and now doth time waste me.
I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it in the room alone.
I went I would come to a place where people were just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
I went and shouted in his ear.
I went home with a waitress, The way I always do.
I went into a general store, and they wouldn't sell me anything specific.
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it.
I went on to test the program in every way I could devise.
I went on weeping; I saw how little I had valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle.
I went to a Grateful Dead Concert and they played for SEVEN hours.
I went to a job interview the other day, the guy asked me if I had any questions , I said yes, just one, if you're in a car traveling at the speed of light and you turn your headlights on, does anything happen?
I went to make supplication.
I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20 years ago.
I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.
I went to see the doctor and he gave me the cure, I think I got it some more!
I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the statues that are in all the other museums.
I went to the race track once and bet on a horse that was so good that it took seven others to beat him!
I went to wake them up myself.
I will always love the false image I had of you.
I will be finished tomorrow, the programmer promptly replied.
I will fall face down so that they cannot see my company badge.
I will fear no prof, for my calculator is there to hearten me.
I will follow the good side right to the fire, but not into it if I can help it.
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.
I will make no bargains with terrorist hardware.
I will make you shorter by the head.
I will never lie to you.
I will never understand people.
I will not fall down!
I will not forget you.
I will not get drunk!
I will not in public!
I will not play at tug o' war.
I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new one every day.
I will not shut out the lessons that they teach.
I will not sleep here tonight.
I will not stay, she said with a pout, To hear my character lied about!
I wish I had feathers, a fine sweeping gown, And a delicate face, and could strut about Town!
I wish I was a sex-starved manicurist found dead in the Bronx!
I wish I was on a Cincinnati street corner holding a clean dog!
I wish a robot would get elected president.
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence.
I wish therefore that candles may be brought.
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.
I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.
I won't love you if you keep doing that.
I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that ever happened to me.
I wonder if He has a full newsfeed?
I wonder if I could ever get started in the credit world?
I wonder if I should put myself in ESCROW!
I wonder if it's NET FUN or GROSS FUN?
I wonder if my bed is made?
I wonder if there are any parallels?
I wonder if there's anything GOOD on tonight?
I wonder why it is that toast always falls on the buttered side, said one.
I wonder, he said to himself, what's in a book while it's closed.
I work with computers.
I worked in a health food store once.
I would appreciate it if you never called me again.
I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one, but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even after we've been home a long while.
I would climb more mountains, swim more rivers and watch more sunsets.
I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
I would gladly raise my voice in praise of women, only they won't let me raise my voice.
I would go so far as to suggest that, were it not for our ego and concern to be different, the African apes would be included in our family, the Hominidae.
I would have more actual troubles and fewer imaginary ones.
I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have gotten the hostages released.
I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married, and the baby would have my name!
I would have the studies elective.
I would have you imagine, then, that there exists in the mind of man a block of wax.
I would like the government to do all it can to mitigate, then, in understanding, in mutuality of interest, in concern for the common good, our tasks will be solved.
I would like to be able to say that this was a symbolic act, an effort on my part to break cleanly away from one state in my life and move on to another, but the truth is, Cooper and I really just wanted to find out what it would sound like.
I would like to electrocute everyone who uses the word 'fair' in connection with income tax policies.
I would like to give you this personality test, said the outsider, because I want you to be happy.
I would like to know What I was fencing in And what I was fencing out.
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
I would never shake hands with a gardener.
I would never tell my nickname in a crisis.
I would not waste time in foolishness if I were you.
I would play hooky more.
I would rather be a serf in a poor man's house and be above ground than reign among the dead.
I would rather it were you.
I would rather say that a desire to drive fast sports cars is what sets man apart from the animals.
I would rather spend 10 hours reading someone else's source code than 10 minutes listening to Musak waiting for technical support which isn't.
I would relax, I would limber up, I would be sillier than I have been this trip.
I would ride on more merry-go-rounds.
I would say: The urge to destroy may sometimes be a creative urge.
I would send a barrel or so to my other generals.
I wouldn't be so paranoid if you weren't all out to get me!
I wouldn't marry her with a ten foot pole.
I wouldn't marry her!
I wrote the data sheet, remember?
I'D LIKE TO BE BURIED INDIAN-STYLE, where they put you up on a high rack, above the ground.
I'd be a poorer man if I'd never seen an eagle fly.
I'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
I'd just as soon kiss a Wookie.
I'd just be the catcher in the rye.
I'd like to be a machine.
I'd like to join your circus; I have what I think is a pretty good act.
I'd like to make a suggestion, Metkovich said.
I'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now.
I'd like to see the government get out of war altogether and leave the whole field to private industry.
I'd love to go out with you, but I did my own thing and now I've got to undo it.
I'd love to go out with you, but I have to floss my cat.
I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I snore.
I'd love to go out with you, but I want to spend more time with my blender.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm having all my plants neutered.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm taking punk totem pole carving.
I'd love to go out with you, but I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
I'd love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night.
I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I'd love to go out with you, but the last time I went out, I never came back.
I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to stay tuned.
I'd love to go out with you, but there are important world issues that need worrying about.
I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza.
I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece.
I'd pick more daisies.
I'd probably settle for a vampire if he were romantic enough.
I'd rather be led to hell than managed to heavan.
I'd rather do it myself!
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
I'd rather have two girls at 21 each than one girl at 42.
I'd rather just believe that it's done by little elves running around.
I'd rather laugh with the sinners, Than cry with the saints, The sinners are much more fun!
I'd rather play at hug o' war, Where everyone hugs Instead of tugs, Where everyone giggles And rolls on the rug, Where everyone kisses, And everyone grins, And everyone cuddles, And everyone wins.
I'd rather push my Harley than ride a rice burner.
I'd really like for you to have it.
I'd really like to live beside you, baby.
I'd say a reasonable person is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes that into account when dealing with others.
I'd spend them all at you.
I'll ask if we can play through, Bill said as he strode toward the women.
I'll be Grateful when they're Dead.
I'll be comfortable on the couch.
I'll be standing with my hand out, Yessir, I'll get mine!
I'll be your friend and so much more; That's what a POSSLQ is for.
I'll bet you credits to Navy Beans we can put a dent in it.
I'll call you, we'll talk and I'll ask you out to dinner where I'll probably spend more than I can afford in a feeble attempt to impress you.
I'll close the window, will it be warm outside?
I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd listen to it!
I'll do anything I can to help you break such a spell.
I'll do it, cuz NOW I'M MAD!
I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell.
I'll go rustle us up another!
I'll grant thee random access to my heart, Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love; And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove And in our bound partition never part.
I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
I'll have to get back to you on that.
I'll have your guts for spaghetti.
I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they kill me.
I'll learn to play the Saxophone, I play just what I feel.
I'll let you play with my life if you'll let me play with yours.
I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD.
I'll never get off this planet.
I'll play the title role, proposed Tom.
I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.
I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
I'll show you MY telex number if you show me YOURS.
I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine.
I'll tell you no lines.
I'll tell you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
I'll tell you what I know, then, he decided.
I'll try my teeth on thee now.
I'll try, said the snake.
I'll turn over a new leaf.
I'm 'er eighth tree that was N-ary.
I'm Aspasia and Hero, at least.
I'm N-ary the tree, I am, N-ary the tree, I am, I am.
I'm Norbert Weiner and we've just moved.
I'm Not Misbehaving And A Whole Lot More.
I'm Salome, moon of the East.
I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
I'm a computer, and you're a person.
I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer.
I'm a doctor, not a coalminer.
I'm a doctor, not a mechanic.
I'm a doctor, not an engineer.
I'm a doctor, not an escalator.
I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees.
I'm a nuclear submarine under the polar ice cap and I need a Kleenex!
I'm a seaman second class, came the reply, You had better change course 20 degrees.
I'm a soldier, not a diplomat.
I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist.
I'm a very technical boy.
I'm afraid I can't release the necklace immediately, would Monday be all right?
I'm afraid of widths.
I'm afraid that your claim of typing at 120 words per minute is highly dubious at best.
I'm all for computer dating, but I wouldn't want one to marry my sister.
I'm always looking for a new idea that will be more productive than its cost.
I'm always there when I need me.
I'm an authorized SNOOTS OF THE STARS dealer!
I'm approaching old age.
I'm at Vido's on my second pizza with sausage and mushroom.
I'm calling because I want to be happy, I guess.
I'm certainly not, and I'm sick and tired of being told that I am!
I'm coming now I'm coming to reward them.
I'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did.
I'm definitely not in Omaha!
I'm dressing up in an ill-fitting IVY-LEAGUE SUIT!
I'm dying, he croaked.
I'm encased in the lining of a pure pork sausage!
I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and I gotta find a safe place for Daffy.
I'm frankly sick and tired of the political preachers across this country telling me as a citizen that if I want to be a moral person, I must believe in A, B, C, and D.
I'm frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for life.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
I'm getting traversed by the parser next door, She's traversed me seven times before.
I'm getting weak from eating all that healthy stuff.
I'm glad I was not born before tea.
I'm glad the American Civil Liberties Union gets indignant, and I hope this will always be so.
I'm glad to hear that, answered Abe.
I'm glad we don't have to play in the shade.
I'm going through my I want to go back to New York phase today.
I'm going to Boston to see my doctor.
I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay you the five-hundred I owe you.
I'm going to Vietnam at the request of the White House.
I'm going to disconnect your brain.
I'm going to give my psychoanalyst one more year, then I'm going to Lourdes.
I'm going to kill you because I killed your brother.
I'm going to kill you because you killed my brother.
I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to live forever, or die trying!
I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips and Apples, commented Jack.
I'm growing older, but not up.
I'm guided by a signal in the heavens.
I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons.
I'm guided by this birthmark on my skin.
I'm having TOO MUCH FUN!
I'm having a BIG BANG THEORY!
I'm having a MID-WEEK CRISIS!
I'm having a quadrophonic sensation of two winos alone in a steel mill!
I'm having a serious disagreement with somebody on the net.
I'm having a tax-deductible experience!
I'm having an emotional outburst!
I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.
I'm imagining a surfer van filled with soy sauce!
I'm in a very clever and adorable INSANE ASYLUM!
I'm in the Twilight Zone!
I'm just a boy named 'su'.
I'm just a simple pole in a complex plane.
I'm just as sad as sad can be!
I'm just looking around.
I'm just the drummer.
I'm just waiting on a friend.
I'm leaving Friday anyway.
I'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either.
I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
I'm no lousy hoodlum.
I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor.
I'm not HOWARD COSELL!
I'm not a god, I was misquoted.
I'm not afraid of dying, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
I'm not available for comment.
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish: God Almighty made 'em to match the men.
I'm not good for much, but I can at least make a decision.
I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.
I'm not offering myself as an example; every life evolves by its own laws.
I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.
I'm not really for apathy, but I'm not against it either.
I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!
I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there.
I'm not sure, but if the 80386 is one step closer to Intel's slugfest with the CPU curve that is aymptotically approaching a real machine, perhaps an int has been implemented as 32 bits by some Unix vendors.
I'm not talking about ordinary modular programming carefulness here.
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!
I'm not the person your mother warned you about.
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am.
I'm only doing this because I love you.
I'm only doing this for your own good.
I'm only thinking about two things, Guerrero said.
I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time!
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I'm pretending I'm pulling in a TROUT!
I'm proud to be paying taxes in the United States.
I'm really enjoying not talking to you.
I'm receiving a coded message from EUBIE BLAKE!
I'm reporting for duty as a modern person.
I'm sick of being trodden on!
I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
I'm sitting on my SPEED QUEEN.
I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.
I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here.
I'm so nice it makes you puke.
I'm sorry but at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.
I'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you.
I'm sorry now I wrote it But I can tell you anyhow I'll kill you if you quote it.
I'm sorry, but if you don't sign, you're fired.
I'm sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
I'm sorry, replies the man on the camel, I don't have any water with me.
I'm sorry, sir, ties required.
I'm standing at third, knowing I'm not going anywhere, and see Brandy start to take a lead.
I'm still a professional trying to be the best actress I can.
I'm still confused as to what groups articles should be posted to.
I'm still not convinced.
I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.
I'm strapped for cash and I haven't the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!
I'm sure he's telling the truth though; why would he lie about a thing like that?
I'm sure that VMS is completely documented, I just haven't found the right manual yet.
I'm sure the cattle prod would be effective in this regard.
I'm sure you can give it a better turn.
I'm taking a VAX-NAP.
I'm telling you why, Santa Claus is coming, to town.
I'm the one who poisoned you.
I'm the person your mother warned you about.
I'm tired o' gnawing old bones and skins; I've a mind to dine on thee now.
I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote The Brothers Karamazov to raise the question of whether there is a God.
I'm told they can be very effective.
I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!
I'm very good at integral and differential calculus, I know the scientific names of beings animalculous; In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral, I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
I'm very good in beds as well.
I'm very old-fashioned.
I'm willing to sacrifice anything for this cause, even other people's lives.
I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes, said the rabbit.
I'm writing down all the noises he makes so later I can ask him what he meant.
I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour wolves.
I've already got a female to worry about.
I've already told you more than I know.
I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.
I've always made it a solemn practice to never drink anything stronger than tequila before breakfast.
I've always thought that Minix was a fine idea, and competently done.
I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint.
I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens.
I've been here for only three days.
I've been in more laps than a napkin.
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
I've been on this lonely road so long, Does anybody know where it goes, I remember last time the signs pointed home, A month ago.
I've been waiting all my life to use that line.
I've been watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks.
I've been watching you from way off.
I've died and gone to rock and roll heaven.
I've doctored the tape, your message will implicate you in a federal crime and be brought to the attention of the F.
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
I've finally found the perfect girl, I couldn't ask for more, She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed, And owns a liquor store.
I've finally learned what upward compatible means.
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
I've gone to CLUB MED!
I've got a bad feeling about this.
I've got a very bad feeling about this.
I've got all the money I'll ever need if I die by 4 o'clock.
I've got eight slugs in me.
