It's not that they can't, they just know that there are much better things to do with ones time.
It's not the despair.
It's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing.
It's not the inital skirt length, it's the upcreep.
It's not the kind of book our house knows how to handle.
It's not the men in my life, but the life in my men that counts.
It's not the size of a nose that's important.
It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.
It's nothing but rum, sodomy and the lash.
It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is the only major language in which I is capitalized; in many other languages You is capitalized and the i is lower case.
It's on the other side.
It's one thing to be able to say I've got a theory, quite another to say I've got a semantic theory, but, ah, those who can claim I've got a deep semantic theory, they are truly blessed.
It's only a big deal if you can't get any.
It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
It's only one more thing to keep clean.
It's only pleasant because it isn't here.
It's only two days, and you'll see.
It's only your tension that's holding you together.
It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed.
It's probably a garage sale or a disaster Movie!
It's quicksilver lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny.
It's real fun, but just the same, It's hacking, hacking, hacking.
It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.
It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough, society will take full responsibility for you.
It's recently come to Fortune's attention that scientists have stopped using laboratory rats in favor of attorneys.
It's so bad I've lost apathy.
It's so curious: one can resist tears and behave very well in the hardest hours of grief.
It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
It's so the cheerleaders won't graze during the game.
It's some people inside the wall!
It's somebody's birthday.
It's something like this: Formerly the sea was fresh water and salt was rare and expensive.
It's sometimes hard to remember this in the bulk of the flamewars that all of the hassle and pain is generally caused by one or two highly-motivated, caustic twits.
It's sort of a threat, you see.
It's sort of like cosmic duct tape.
It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?
It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
It's the Copyright Police!
It's the Human Hamburger!
It's the RINSE CYCLE!
It's the best thing since professional golfers on 'ludes.
It's the good girls who keep the diaries, the bad girls never have the time.
It's the good ship Enterprise Heading out where danger lies And you live in dread If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
It's the kids' night out.
It's the last one of all!
It's the moral equivalent of a prostate operation.
It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.
It's the only way to be sure.
It's the only way to obtain friends.
It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon.
It's the perfect way to inform people about such news events long after the broadcast networks have covered them.
It's the psychic predecessor of all real understanding.
It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the establishment of a Hilton on its peak.
It's the same old story; boy meets beer, boy drinks beer.
It's the same thing, he said.
It's the second anniversary of the night I ate plain broccoli.
It's the theory of Jess Birnbaum, of Time magazine, that women with bad legs should stick to long skirts because they cover a multitude of shins.
It's the thing that makes America great.
It's the things we know that ain't so.
It's the thought police!
It's the thought, if any, that counts!
It's the wiring harness that carries the smoke from one device to another in your Mini, MG or Jag.
It's time for Hee-Haw!
It's time to boot, do your boot ROMs know where your disk controllers are?
It's too late, now darling, it's too late.
It's trying to live together afterwards that causes the problems.
It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
It's useless to try to hold some people to anything they say while they're madly in love, drunk, or running for office.
It's very simple, I said.
It's weird, 'cause it's so intellectually lame.
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
It's what's in it that matters.
It's when I lose that it bothers me.
Its breed still unknown, And by a bird it was said!
Its disk drives lie end-to-end like a great ocean of machinery.
Its ethics, so to speak, include a disdain for ethics in general.
Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community.
Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
Its meshes are so fine and strong, They take in every child of wrong.
Its monitor loses so totally!
Its name is Public Opinion.
Its six legs hanging in the air, On the road to Mandalay.
Its speaker's lips became entangled The highest rung.
JCL support as alternative to system menu.
JELL-O molds won't work.
JOIN the CREDIT WORLD!
Jabber of the mindless horde Assembling all their pleas in hex.
Jacek, a Polish schoolboy, is told by his teacher that he has been chosen to carry the Polish flag in the May Day parade.
Jack and his relations were poor.
Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.
Jane went to the store to buy bread should only be ended with an exclamation point if there is something sensational about her going to the store, for example, if Jane is a cocker spaniel or if Jane is on a diet that doesn't allow bread or if Jane doesn't exist for some reason!
Japan's secret weapon.
Japanese wife, and eat Chinese food.
Jason Thompson's parents got him a computer with two disk drives and 128 kilobytes of random-access memory, and I get this cretin TOP?
Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.
Jean Marsh: pale peach, not very good in beds; better up against a wall.
Jean-Luc Godard, 1971, 7 hours 18 min.
Jeez, baby, the guy moaned, you think I'm made of bricks?
Jekyll had something to Hyde.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
Jersey about a month ago.
Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the most virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth.
Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been found and thy program runneth.
Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin.
Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
Jim Rockford's machine, this is Larry Doheny's machine.
Jim, come and get me!
Jim, it's Grace at the bank.
Jim, this is Janelle.
Jim, this is Matty down at Ralph's and Mark's.
Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee.
Joe sat as his dying wife's bedside.
Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!
John Knivlen, Chairman of Polamar Repeater Club, an amateur radio group, had discovered how IC circuits work.
John Lee at Exeter Jail, but on each occasion failed to get the trap door open.
John Milton, who was born in 1608, is the combination of beauty and power.
John Wayne and Randolph Scott, Who is it that always intervenes?
John a hebetudinous fellow.
John the Baptist after poisoning a thief, Looks up at his hero, the Commander-in-Chief, Saying tell me great leader, but please make it brief Is there a hole for me to get sick in?
Johnny's so long at the fair.
Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!
Johnson defined patriotism as the last refuge of a scoundrel, he ignored the enormous possibilities of the word reform.
Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last resort of the scoundrel.
Johnson, how was your first marriage terminated?
Join clauses good, like a conjunction should.
Join in the new game that's sweeping the country.
Join me in a mass rally for traditional mental attitudes!
Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands, meet exciting interesting people, and kill them.
Join the army, see the world, meet interesting, exciting people, and kill them.
Join the march to save individuality!
Join us soon for more spectacular adventure starring.
Jones related an incident from some time back when IBM Canada Ltd.
Jones, I'll give it to you straight.
Jones, the student loan director from your bank.
Joshu: What is the true Way?
Journalism is literature in a hurry.
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
Joy is wealth and love is the legal tender of the soul.
Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging alimony, that reckless generosity which is found only in men who are giving away someone else's cash.
Juliet, this bud's for you.
Just a burglar, come to ransack the flat.
Just a few of the perfect excuses for having some strawberry shortcake.
Just a great big chunk on your wrist.
Just a little mix-up.
Just as Einstein observed that space was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in space, and that time was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in time, so it is now realized that numbers are not absolute, but depend on the observer's movement in restaurants.
Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I cannot remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in daydreams about women.
Just as he got to the window, a voice called out, Hey, Dave!
Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions seldom black or white.
Just as the pupil was about to comply, the Master stayed his hand, saying, That is the 'Body of a rock'.
Just ask Jean Marsh, known to millions of PBS viewers in the '70s as Rose, the maid on the BBC export Upstairs, Downstairs.
Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't going to get hit.
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
Just because he's dead is no reason to lay off work.
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is not worth sending.
Just because there are a few hunderd other people sharing your lunacy with you does not make you any saner.
Just because they are called 'forbidden' transitions does not mean that they are forbidden.
Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
Just between you and i, case is important.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
Just don't touch anything.
Just flat out and she'll believe it: I'm tellin' ya.
Just for a few precious seconds.
Just gargle and gargle and I don't care who hears me because I am beautiful.
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get a prompt, type like hell.
Just how difficult it is to write biography can be reckoned by anybody who sits down and considers just how many people know the real truth about his or her love affairs.
Just how much can I get away with and still go to heaven?
Just keep your doors locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
Just like everyone else.
Just long enough to put in one good, clean punch.
Just machines to make big decisions, Programmed by men for compassion and vision, We'll be clean when their work is done, We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young, What a beautiful world this will be, What a glorious time to be free.
Just moments, one after another, instead of living so many years ahead each day.
Just north of Tijuana a cop spotted her hand sticking out of the suitcase.
Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of blue denim.
Just once I'd like to be better.
Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?
Just picture the scene in your living room on Christmas morning as your children open their old-fashioned presents.
Just relax, enjoy the ride.
Just remember, wherever you go, there you are.
Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!
Just screw-up one more time!
Just the place for a Snark!
Just the thing I need.
Just the three of us.
Just then, Karen Carpenter walks in, sits down at the drums, and says: 'Close to You'.
Just then, he vanished.
Just think of a computer as hardware you can program.
Just think what a nicer world this would be if it were controlled by cats.
Just think, with VLSI we can have 100 ENIACS on a chip!
Just to have it is enough.
Just try to be the fellow that Dat his mudder t'inks he is.
Just type in your favorite pithy saying.
Just type in your name and social security number.
Just very, very pretty.
Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt of all the others, and then do what's best.
Just when it reaches boiling, put the sugar in a wire strainer, moisten it in the hot brew, lift it out and ignite it with a match.
Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat!
Just who do they think they are?
Just yesterday morning, they let me know you were gone, Suzanne, the plans they made put an end to you, I went out this morning and I wrote down this song, Just can't remember who to send it to.
Just, Vance Joy said, a butterfly, flying away.
Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
Justice always prevails.
Justice has been served, and shortly you and your friends will be, too.
K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while L is for lex, which is missing from DOS.
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights.
Karl's version of Parkinson's Law: Work expands to exceed the time alloted it.
Kathy exclaims, Shall I pack for warm weather or cold?
Keep America beautiful.
Keep a diary and one day it'll keep you.
Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp!
Keep away from fire or flame.
Keep cool and say nice things to the machine.
Keep cool, but don't freeze.
Keep emotionally active.
Keep ingredients away from open flame.
Keep it short for pithy sake.
Keep others interested in your career, and try not to fumble; it can be a real hassle and could change your fortunes in time.
Keep that guy away from my cocaine!
Keep the company of bums and you will become a bum.
Keep the juices flowing by jangling around gently as you move.
Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
Keep the phase, baby.
Keep them in one big pile.
Keep up the good work!
Keep women you cannot.
Keep your Eye on the Ball, Your Shoulder to the Wheel, Your Nose to the Grindstone, Your Feet on the Ground, Your Head on your Shoulders.
Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Keep your laws off my body!
Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid; Open it and you remove all doubt.
Ken and Barbie are having TOO MUCH FUN!
Kennedy's address to the Greater Houston Ministerial Association September 12, 1960.
Kennicott considered it, and mumbled to Calibree, Think you folks would like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?
Kennicott summarized the whole case against wildness: Let's try it some other time, Carrie.
Kerwin Bernighan, and Document Unix, Are You Kidding?
Ketchup is a vegetable.
Kids always brighten up a house; mostly by leaving the lights on.
Kids, don't gross me off.
Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit!
Killing is stupid; useless!
Killing turkeys causes winter.
Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
King, and seen the very man they were spoken to.
Kion vi diris pri mia patrino?
Kirkland, Illinois, law forbids bees to fly over the village or through any of its streets.
Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
Kissing don't last, cookery do.
Kissing your hand may make you feel very good, but a diamond and sapphire bracelet lasts for ever.
Kitchen activity is highlighted.
Kites rise against the wind, not with it.
Kleeneness is next to Godelness.
Klingon phaser attack from front!
Knight turned the machine off and on.
Knight, seeing what the student was doing spoke sternly, You cannot fix a machine by just power-cycling it with no understanding of what is going wrong.
Knock before entering a ladies room!
Knocked, you weren't in.
Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers?
Know what I hate most?
Knowing chances of cutover hadn't a prayer.
Knowing that every action of such an enlightened one is significant, the seeker watched the teacher closely.
Knowing that we're not going to kill today!
Knowledge without common sense is folly.
Knowledge, sir, should be free to all!
L'hazard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.
LAST time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!
LBJ, LBJ, how many JOKES did you tell today?
LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!
LILO, you've got me on my knees!
LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO.
LITHP This otherwise unremarkable language is distinguished by the absence of an S in its character set; users must substitute TH.
LITHP is said to be useful in protheththing lithtth.
LOGO for the Dead LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from The Other Side.
LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate from NecroSoft inc.
La-dee-dee, la-dee-dah.
Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
Lack of skill dictates economy of style.
Laddie and Boy were trained as detector dogs for drug raids.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Hobos and Tramps, Cross-eyed mosquitos and bowlegged ants, I come before you to stand behind you To tell you of something I know nothing about.
Ladles and Jellyspoons!
Lady Astor was giving a costume ball and Winston Churchill asked her what disguise she would recommend for him.
Lady Hamilton am I, as well.
Lady Luck brings added income today.
Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Lady, lady, better run!
Lady, lady, should you meet One whose ways are all discreet, One who murmurs that his wife Is the lodestar of his life, One who keeps assuring you That he never was untrue, Never loved another one.
Lady, make a note of this: One of you is lying.
Lady, woman, and girl are all perfectly good words, but misapplying them can earn one anything from the charge of vulgarity to a good swift smack.
Ladybug, ladybug, Look to your stern!
Laetrile is the pits.
Lake Erie died for your sins.
Lamonte Cranston once hired a new Chinese manservant.
Landing is the greatest feeling you can have.
Langley, and he taught me to sing a song.
Language is a virus from another planet.
Language shapes the way we think, and determines what we can think about.
Lapwarmer with built-in buzzer.
Large amounts of alcohol cause many brain cells to perish due to oxygen deprivation.
Large increases in cost with questionable increases in performance can be tolerated only in race horses and women.
Largely because it is so tangible and exciting a program and as such will serve to keep alive the interest and enthusiasm of the whole spectrum of society.
Lasorda decided it was time for one of his famous motivational meetings and zeroed in on Guerrero: How can you play third base like that?
Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she lived with was made up of idiots.
Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek viable alternatives.
Last fall I was cuttin' wood up on the north forty when a tree fell on me.
Last guys don't finish nice.
Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone.
Last night I met upon the stair A little man who wasn't there.
Last night the power went out.
Last week I went to the track and they shot my horse with the opening gun.
Last week three of them died.
Last week's pet, this week's special.
Last year we drove across the country.
Last yeer I kudn't spel Engineer.
Lasu'' Wirzenius today released the 0.
Late at night you will find them, In the cheap hotels and bars.
Lately it occurs to me What a long strange trip it's been.
Later she was heard to sing, Some day my prints will come.
Later that day she went to Billy's house and rang the bell.
Later, Nasrudin poured bowls of hot soup for himself and the newcomer, and blew on his own.
Later, it's a well-established technique!
Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!
Latin is a language, As dead as can be.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
Laugh and the world laughs with you.
Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Laugh at your problems; everybody else does.
Laugh when you can; cry when you must.
Laugh while you can, monkey-boy.
Laugh, and the world ignores you.
Laughing at you is like drop kicking a wounded humming bird.
Laughing on the way to your execution is not generally understood by less advanced life forms, and they'll call you crazy.
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
Laundry is the fifth dimension!
Laura, I'm disappointed in you.
Lavish spending can be disastrous.
Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
Laws are like sausages.
Lawyers and accountants do not make the economic pie any bigger; they only figure out how the pie gets divided.
Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved what if's.
Lay On Top Of Me Or I'll Die'.
Lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, Hold, enough!
Lead me not into temptation.
Lead us in a few words of silent prayer.
Lean upon the western wind, And know you are alone.
Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.
Learn some and think some and draw and paint and sing and dance and play and work some every day.
Learn the Gaslight treatment, the Are you talking to me?
Learned Hand, The Spirit of Liberty, University of Chicago Press, 1952; The Art and Craft of Judging: The Decisions of Judge Learned Hand, edited and annotated by Hershel Shanks, The MacMillian Company, 1968.
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
Learning French is trivial: the word for horse is cheval, and everything else follows in the same way.
Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.
Learning is the only thing for you.
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
Leave bigotry in your quarters; there's no room for it on the bridge.
Leave no stone unturned.
Leave the computer here, and accelerate the earth!
Leave the thrashing to us.
Leave your barrow empty!
Leaves, like the things of man, You, with your fresh thoughts Care for, can you?
Left one day for the post office to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar, and didn't come back for 20 years.
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Leisure gone to seed.
Lemma, it doesn't exist.
Lemma: All horses are the same color.
Lemmings don't grow older, they just die.
Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.
Lenin's fatal mistake, both in theory and in practice.
Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.
Leslie Halliwell helpfully lists four of the cinema's greatest moments which you should get to see if at all possible.
Leslie West heads for the sticks, to Providence, Rhode Island and tries to hide behind a beard.
Less than you'll ever know.
Let Andy have his labor to himself!
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let every man teach his son, teach his daughter, that labor is honorable.
Let go, and that current you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will die quicker than boredom!
Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let her maunder and mumble.
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
Let it get in YOUR way.
Let me ask a question.
Let me assure you that to us here at First National, you're not just a number.
Let me begin by reassuring you that my remarks today will stand up to the most stringent requirements of the new appropriateness.
Let me buy him from you, pleaded George after a demonstration.
Let me go upstairs and check.
Let me have a nice half-done.
Let me not to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments.
Let me put it this way, continues the voice.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
Let me run those figures through my spread sheet one more time.
Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean?
Let me show you what I mean, said Sherrill, and he told the player to run over to his office to see if he was in.
Let me take you a button-hole lower.
Let me take you by the hand Lead you through the streets of London I'll show you something to make you change your mind.
Let no guilty man escape.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
Let others think his heart is big, I think it stupid of the Pig.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Let someone else commit you.
Let the Big Apple have the feats of Broadway Joe Namath.
Let the chili simmer.
Let the good times roll.
Let the machine do the dirty work.
Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
Let the reader catch his own breath.
Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way they can.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
Let thy maid servant be faithful, strong, and homely.
Let us condemn to hellfire all those who disagree with us.
Let us determine to die, and we will conquer.
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
Let us go then you and I while the night is laid out against the sky like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie.
Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets, The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells: Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question.
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.
Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around us in awareness.
Let us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly.
Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.
Let us restore to social intercourse that harmony and affection without which liberty and even life itself are but dreary things.
Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls!
Let us sing together Of sun, star, moon and mist, rain and cloudy weather, Light on the budding leag, dew on the feather, Wind on the open hill, bells on the heather, Reeds by the shady pool, lilies on the water: Old Tom Bombadil and the River-daughter!
Let us sing together!
Let us treat men and women well; Treat them as if they were real; Perhaps they are.
Let us, then, fellow citizens, unite with one heart and one mind.
Let your conscience be your guide.
Let's drop the big one now!
Let's hear it for OSI and X!
Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.
Let's just say that where a change was required, I adjusted.
Let's not be too tough on our own ignorance.
Let's not complicate our relationship by trying to communicate with each other.
Let's not even consider a chainsaw.
Let's organize this thing and take all the fun out of it.
Let's remind ourselves that last year's fresh idea is today's cliche.
Let's ride on the merry-go-round and grab a gold ring!
Let's say a man and woman are watching a boxing match on TV.
Let's say a piece in your toilet tank breaks, so you remove the broken part, take it to the home center, and ask an employee if he has a replacement.
Let's say you want to report that Gretzky has been traded from the Oilers to the Kings.
Let's say you've fallen in love with just such a girl and would like to take her home for the holidays.
Let's say your congressman was trying to travel to Paris to do a fact-finding study on how the French government handles diseases transmitted by sherbet.
Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick your hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as Mental Anguish.
Let's see yer fishin' license, boy, the Warden gasped.
Let's send the Russians defective lifestyle accessories!
Let's show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown!
Let's take the shortcut, he can't see us from there.
Lets promote him to the exalted position of management consultant!
Leveraging always beats prototyping.
Lewis Carroll: If I tell you 3 times, it's true.
Liar: one who tells an unpleasant truth.
Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
Lid stuck on cookie jar.
Life and death are seldom logical.
Life begins at the centerfold and expands outward.
Life begins when you can spend your spare time programming instead of watching television.
Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
Life does not begin at the moment of conception or the moment of birth.
Life exists for no known purpose.
Life in the state of nature is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.
Life in this society being, at best, an utter bore and no aspect of society being at all relevant to women, there remains to civic-minded responsible thrill-seeking females only to overthrow the government, eliminate the money system, institute complete automation and destroy the male sex.
Life is a biochemical reaction to the stimulus of the surrounding environment in a stable ecosphere, while a bowl of cherries is a round container filled with little red fruits on sticks.
Life is a concentration camp.
Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
Life is a garment we continuously alter, but which never seems to fit.
Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.
Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to change his bed.
Life is a process, not a principle, a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved.
Life is a series of rude awakenings.
Life is a serious burden, which no thinking, humane person would wantonly inflict on someone else.
Life is a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.
Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Life is both difficult and time consuming.
Life is cheap, but the accessories can kill you.
Life is difficult because it is non-linear.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Life is fired at us point blank.
Life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut.
Life is full of concepts that are poorly defined.
Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?
Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.
Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey onto my granola and faced a new day.
Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it.
Life is like a bowl of sour cream.
Life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it.
Life is like a sewer.
Life is like a simile.
Life is like a tin of sardines.
Life is like an analogy.
Life is like an onion: you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.
Life is like bein' on a mule team.
Life is not for everyone.
Life is one long struggle in the dark.
Life is the childhood of our immortality.
Life is the living you do, Death is the living you don't do.
Life is the other way around.
Life is the urge to ecstasy.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
Life is too important to take seriously.
Life is too short to be taken seriously.
Life is too short to stuff a mushroom.
Life is wasted on the living.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Life may have no meaning, or, even worse, it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.
Life only demands from you the strength you possess.
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
Life sucks, but it's better than the alternative.
Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.
Life's the same, except for the shoes.
Life's too short to dance with ugly women.
Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
Lift every voice and sing Till earth and heaven ring, Ring with the harmonies of Liberty; Let our rejoicing rise High as the listening skies, Let it resound loud as the rolling sea.
Light goes the weather-wind and the feathered starling.
Lighten up, while you still can, Don't even try to understand, Just find a place to make your stand, And take it easy.
Lightning across the Bay Bridge at a hundred miles an hour.
Lights started blinking, flashing and blinking some more.
Like Unix Beer, AmigaDOS Beer fans are an extremely loyal and loud group.
Like a bowl of sour cream?
Like a river that don't know where it's flowing, I took a wrong turn and I just kept going.
Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate the difference between one young woman and another.
Like beads strung on a string of their own meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by all.
Like corn in a field I cut you down, I threw the last punch way too hard, After years of going steady, well, I thought it was time, To throw in my hand for a new set of cards.
Like enough, you won't be glad, When they come to hang you, lad: But bacon's not the only thing That's cured by hanging from a string.
Like girdles, they attempt to contain an uncontainable experience.
Like ham in beef chow mein.
Like lie in the sun and sleep.
Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
Like modern sex, any number can play.
Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
Like punning, programming is a play on words.
Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops.
Like the hunt, but with richer rewards.
Like the ski resort of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem.
Like this rose, our love will wilt and die.
Like those of Caspar Weinberger.
Like to be a little dependent?
Like to meet new and interesting people?
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's place in the Scheme of Things.
Like, if I'm not for me, then fer shure, like who will be?
Likewise the friendship of persons rests on mutual help.
Likewise, attempts to use another machine may cause it to malfunction.
Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions, wins few friends, Germans excepted.
Lime Jell-O is goyish.
Limited time offer, call now to insure prompt delivery.
Limpopo of swamped Ninth Avenue bears an angry argosy of crocs and dragons, tiger fish, noise machines, sweating rainmakers.
Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!
Linus Torvalds in response to a bug report.
Linus Torvalds, announcing kernel 1.
Linux System Administrators' Guide''.
Linux brand: A recipe originally created by a drunken Finn in his basement, it has since become the home-brew of choice for impecunious brewers and Unix beer-lovers worldwide, many of whom change the recipe.
Linux: Because a PC is a terrible thing to waste.
Linux: the operating system with a CLUE.
Lisp Users: Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine, Fun for everyone.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine, Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
Listen, he said, it's important.
Listen, there is no courage or any extra courage that I know of to find out the right thing to do.
Listening to Cole Porter over a dry martini may well suit those unlucky enough never to have heard the Whoopee John Polka Band and never to have shared a pitcher of 3.
Literature is mostly about having sex and not much about having children.
Little Miss Muffet sat on her gluteal region, Eating components of soured milk.
Little Moishe was uneasy enough before he even entered the plane, but now the roar of the engines and the great height absolutely terrified him.
Little Red Vade Mecum, Mao Tse T'umps.
Little else matters than to write good code.
Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.
Little known fact about Middle Earth: The Hobbits had a very sophisticated computer network!
Little prigs and three-quarter madmen may have the conceit that the laws of nature are constantly broken for their sakes.
Live Free or Live in Massachusettes.
Live a balanced life.
Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Live long and prosper.
Live long enough to be a problem for your children!
Live or die, I'll make a million.
Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
Live, on the Death label.
Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from.
Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
Living in New York City gives people real incentives to want things that nobody else wants.
Living in the complex world of the future is somewhat like having bees live in your head.
Living on Earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the Sun.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Lo, I have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith.
Loan me ten, I got a feelin' it'll save me, With an ornery soul who don't shoot pool for fun, If that coat'll fit you're wearin', The Lord'll bless your sharin' A semi-friend ain't nuthin' much to want.
Loan-department manager: There isn't any fine print.
Lobster: Everyone loves these delectable crustaceans, but many cooks are squeamish about placing them into boiling water alive, which is the only proper method of preparing them.
Local prohibitions cannot block advances in military and commercial technology.
Locally, she was known as the Moor, the marrier.
Location above or across a specified position.
Logic and practical information do not seem to apply here.
Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
Logic is a pretty flower that smells bad.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!
Logic, they say, belongs to man, But let them prove it if they can.
Logical structures no longer inhibited him.
Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and legally.
Logicians have but ill defined As rational the human kind.
London to Lisbon and thence by dispatch to our headquarters.
Loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence.
Lonely is a man without love.
Lonely man cries for love and has none.
Lonely men seek companionship.
Lonely women sit at home and wait.
Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL character named Jack.
Long and diligent search has not revealed a counterexample.
Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.
Long life is in store for you.
Long live our Noble Queen!
Long live the revolution!
Long time the manxome foe he sought.
Long to reign o'er us!
Long was the way that fate them bore, O'er stony mountains cold and grey, Through halls of iron and darkling door, And woods of nightshade morrowless.
Long were the days of pain I have spent within its walls, and long were the nights of aloneness; and who can depart from his pain and his aloneness without regret?
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Look at all those points you're losing!
Look at how well off I am here, he said to a mainframe programmer who came to visit, I have my own operating system and file storage device.
Look at it this way: Your daughter just named the fresh turkey you brought home Cuddles, so you're going out to buy a canned ham.
Look before you leap.
Look for it first where you'd most like to find it.
Look for these three to shut down the opening coin toss.
Look intently at the problem for several minutes.
Look into my eyes and try to forget that you have a Macy's charge card!
Look what a lot of things there are to learn.
Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime mold!
Look, he says, do you suppose you could find some way mathematically of guaranteeing winning at the race track?
Look, this is some kind of put on, right?
Look, we play the Star Spangled Banner before every game.
Look, we trade every day out there with hustlers, deal-makers, shysters, con-men.
Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie.
Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode into the saloon.
Looking forward to an exciting few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped short.
Lookout replied, Steady, Captain, which meant we were on a dangerous collision course with that ship.
Loops are accomplished with the FOR SURE construct.
Loose bits sink chips.
Lord have mercy on me!
Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.
Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
Los Angeles wife, as she settled into the ripped interior.
Lose a few, lose a few.
Loses these arguments.
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying BOOGA, BOOGA!
Lost and forgotten be, darker than the darkness, Where gates stand for ever shut, till the world is mended.
Lost: gray and white female cat.
Lots of folks are forced to skimp to support a government that won't.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Lots of girls can be had for a song.
Lots of little snakes, everybody is happy.
Lots of people drink from the wrong bottle sometimes.
Loud burping while walking around the airport is prohibited in Halstead, Kansas.
Louie, When there sudden comes a knockin' at the door.
Louis hotel when he noticed a very charming woman staring admiringly at him.
Love IS what it's cracked up to be.
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Love at first sight is one of the greatest labor-saving devices the world has ever seen.
Love brought us to one death.
Love cannot be much younger than the lust for murder.
Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay.
Love is a grave mental disease.
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath.
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra, which suddenly flips over, pinning you underneath.
Love is always open arms.
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished.
Love is an obsessive delusion that is cured by marriage.
Love is being stupid together.
Love is dope, not chicken soup.
Love is in the offing.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire.
Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
Love is never asking why?
Love is not enough, but it sure helps.
Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds, Or bends with the remover to remove: O, no!
Love is sentimental measles.
Love is staying up all night with a sick child, or a healthy adult.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Love is what you feel just before you give someone a good.
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.
Love long has taken for his amulet One perfect rose.
Love makes fools, marriage cuckolds, and patriotism malevolent imbeciles.
Love makes the world go 'round, with a little help from intrinsic angular momentum.
Love may fail, but courtesy will prevail.
Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.
Love means never having to say you're sorry.
Love means nothing to a tennis player.
Love sometimes expresses itself in sacrifice.
Love tells us many things that are not so.
Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.
Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.
Love ties in a knot in the end of the rope.
Love your country but never trust its government.
Love your enemies: they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
Love your neighbour, yet don't pull down your hedge.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bending sickle's compass come; Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
Lucas is British, and all things British leak!
Lucas is the source of many of the components of the legendarily reliable British automotive electrical systems.
Luck can't last a lifetime, unless you die young.
Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
Luckily this is not difficult.
Luckily, repairs were swift and the computer was working again the same evening.
Luke, I'm yer father, eh.
Lullaby Lilla Boy, Louisville Lou.
Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
Lying lips are abomination to the Lord; but they that deal truly are his delight.
M is for more, from which less was begot, and N is for nice, which it really is not.
M suggests that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond while the adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky.
M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art and display work.
MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator?
MAFIA documentation is rather scanty, and the MAFIA sales office exhibits that testy reluctance to bona fide inquiries which is the hallmark of so many DP operations.
MAY 1988 BE A HAPPY YEAR!
MEETS HARRU IN SAN DIEGO!
MERYL STREEP is my obstetrician!
MIT Tech can't promise these fantastic results to everyone, but when you earn your MDL degree from MIT Tech your future will be brighter.
MORAL OF THE STORY: Invest in foreign consumer electronics manufacturers.
MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
MVS Air Lines: The passengers all gather in the hangar, watching hundreds of technicians check the flight systems on this immense, luxury aircraft.
MY income is ALL disposable!
Ma Bell is a mean mother!
Ma'am, answered the snake handler, that will be the day I learn who my real friends are.
Mac Airways: The cashiers, flight attendants and pilots all look the same, feel the same and act the same.
Mac Beer: At first, came only a 16-oz.
MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thoughts.
MacDowell had written the elegy?
Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years.
Machine language gave birth to the assembler.
Machine-Independent, adj.
Machines have less problems.
Machines or The Lawyer's Friend.
Machines should work.
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the repairman arrives.
Macho does not prove mucho.
Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly.
Made it pointless to think any more.
Madness has no purpose.
Madness takes its toll.
Maiden, croaked the frog, would you do me a favor?
Mail your fortunes right now to fortune.
Major General David Nichols, Air Force.
Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
Make a wish, it might come true.
Make each pronoun agree with their antecedents.
Make headway at work.
Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all.
Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun.
Make it right before you make it faster.
Make me maintain AIX.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
Make our country well again, respected by the world.
Make sure you get your children exactly what they ask for, even if you disapprove of their choices.
Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.
Make the copy within 48 hours.
Make your pens carefully.
Makes a heck of a lot.
Makes me glad I was a CS major, life is really pleasant for me.
Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system.
Making the world safe for competing window systems.
Malone turns around to see his wife, with a face grim as death, stalking to the bar.
Man and wife make one fool.
Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
Man does the classifying.
Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Man is a military animal, glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
Man is by nature a political animal.
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft.
Man is the highest animal.
Man is the measure of all things.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps; for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
Man must shape his tools lest they shape him.
Man trapped in a human body!
Man who arrives at party two hours late will find he has been beaten to the punch.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Man who sleep in beer keg wake up sticky.
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
Man's unique agony as a species consists in his perpetual conflict between the desire to stand out and the need to blend in.
Man, that was really Out There.
Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.
Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
Mankind's yearning to engage in sports is older than recorded history, dating back to the time millions of years ago, when the first primitive man picked up a crude club and a round rock, tossed the rock into the air, and whomped the club into the sloping forehead of the first primitive umpire.
Mann Act with an interstate Greyhound bus.
Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our motto is: 'It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain.
Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet.
Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive than DEC admits.
Many a bum show has been saved by the flag.
Many a family tree needs trimming.
Many a man has fallen in love with a girl in a light so dim he would not have chosen a suit by it.
Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl.
Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will get a respectful hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
Many a man who thinks he's going on a maiden voyage with a woman finds out later that it was just a shake-down cruise.
Many a wife thinks her husband is the world's greatest lover.
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning.
Many aligators will be slain, but the swamp will remain.
Many are called, few are chosen.
Many are called, few volunteer.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Many college students become victims of this dread disorder due to poor habits such as overstudying.
Many enraged psychiatrists are inciting a weary butcher.
Many hands make light work.
Many have seen Topaxci, God of the Red Mushroom, and they earn the name of shaman, he said.
Many husbands go broke on the money their wives save on sales.
Many mental processes admit of being roughly measured.
Many more people might be interested.
Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of programming.
Many of the characters are fools and they are always playing tricks on me and treating me badly.
Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very very thin paper.
Many pages make a thick book.
Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice which will recommend that they do what they want to do.
Many people are secretly interested in life.
Many people are unenthusiastic about their work.
Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.
Many people feel that if you won't let them make you happy, they'll make you suffer.
Many people feel that they deserve some kind of recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.
Many people resent being treated like the person they really are.
Many people think that a very abstract activity, like the playing of chess, would be best.
Many people wonder where the word eggnog comes from.
Many people would have panicked at this point.
Many people write memos to tell you they have nothing to say.
Many receive advice, few profit by it.
Many see it as only a body of facts, promulgated from on high in must, unintelligible textbooks, a collection of unchanging precepts defended with authoritarian vigor.
Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.
Many suitcases look alike.
Many well-meaning persons suppose that the discus- sion respecting the means for baffling the supposed safety of locks offers a premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest.
Many years ago in a period commonly know as Next Friday Afternoon, there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday.
March is spring, sort of, usually, March means maybe, but don't bet on it.
Margaret, are you grieving Over Goldengrove unleaving?
Marijuana will be legal some day, because the many law students who now smoke pot will someday become congressmen and legalize it in order to protect themselves.
Marines for the extra day.
Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years.
Marriage Ceremony: An incredible metaphysical sham of watching God and the law being dragged into the affairs of your family.
Marriage always demands the greatest understanding of the art of insincerity possible between two human beings.
Marriage causes dating problems.
Marriage is a ghastly public confession of a strictly private intention.
Marriage is a lot like the army, everyone complains, but you'd be surprised at the large number that re-enlist.
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
Marriage is a three ring circus: engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.
Marriage is an institution in which two undertake to become one, and one undertakes to become nothing.
Marriage is based on the theory that when a man discovers a brand of beer exactly to his taste he should at once throw up his job and go to work in the brewery.
Marriage is learning about women the hard way.
Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out.
Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with chopsticks.
Marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it.
Marriage is not merely sharing the fettucine, but sharing the burden of finding the fettucine restaurant in the first place.
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
Marriage is the process of finding out what kind of man your wife would have preferred.
Marriage is the sole cause of divorce.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Marriage is the waste-paper basket of the emotions.
Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle.
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on earth.
Marry in haste and everyone starts counting the months.
Marry them and they come to hate the way you walk across the room; remain their lover, and they jilt you at the end of six months.
Martin was probably ripping them off.
Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
Marvin the Nature Lover spied a grasshopper hopping along in the grass, and in a mood for communing with nature, rare even among full-fledged Nature Lovers, he spoke to the grasshopper, saying: Hello, friend grasshopper.
Maryel brought her bat into Exit once and started whacking people on the dance floor.
Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.
Master, does Emacs have the Buddha nature?
Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
Mater artium necessitas.
Mathematicians are like Frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate into their own language and forthwith it is something entirely different.
Mathematicians often resort to something called Hilbert space, which is described as being n-dimensional.
Mathematicians practice absolute freedom.
Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
Mathematicians think they're metamathematicians.
Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
Mathematics is the only science where one never knows what one is talking about nor whether what is said is true.
Mathemeticians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists stand on each other's toes.
Matrimony is something they accept when there is no alternative.
Matrimony is the root of all evil.
Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, nor can it be returned without a receipt.
Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
Matthew Passion on a ukelele.
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
Mausoleum: The final and funniest folly of the rich.
Max told his friend that he'd just as soon not go hiking in the hills.
May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!
May I ask a young lady who is a stranger to me to share its protection?
May I ask two questions, sir?
May I find your breast like clusters of grapes on the vine, the scent of your breath like apricots, and your whispers like spiced wine flowing smoothly to welcome my caresses, gliding down through lips and teeth.
May I have a beer, please?
May I have your phone number?
May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts.
May a hundred thousand midgets invade your home singing cheesy lounge-lizard versions of songs from The Wizard of Oz.
May all your PUSHes be POPped.
May be too intense for some viewers.
May it all turn out to your happiness.
May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.
May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.
May we together become greater than the sum of both of us.
May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.
May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.
May you have many handsome and obedient sons.
May you have warm words on a cold evening, a full moon on a dark night, and a smooth road all the way to your door.
May you live in uninteresting times.
May you make the Yuletide pay.
May your RAMS be fruitful and multiply.
May your SO always know when you need a hug.
May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your Mouth with the Force of a Thousand Caramels.
May your camel be as swift as the wind.
May your future be limited only by your dreams.
Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
Maybe I can catch him there.
Maybe he could really have amounted to something as a coffee achiever.
Maybe he'll go to his 20th reunion, and they'll see his Rolex Hyperion.
Maybe it just sags Like a heavy load.
Maybe it leads to heaven, or a sandwich!
Maybe it meant something.
Maybe not, in the long run.
Maybe there should be a newsgroup like, say, alt.
Maybe until mid-1995.
Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes.
Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week.
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you can certainly charge it.
Maybe you've seen some of it.
Mayo Clinic, named after its founder, Dr.
