What you'd say if you had another chance.
What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
What's all this brouhaha?
What's another word for thesaurus?
What's buried in Grant's tomb?
What's done to children, they will do to society.
What's for breakfast?
What's good about it?
What's happened to that caretaker?
What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
What's he wanted for?
What's his first name?
What's in your brochure's pages.
What's love but a second-hand emotion?
What's never known is safest in this life.
What's one little bug?
What's page one, a preemptive strike?
What's so special about a loon?
What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
What's the MATTER Sid?
What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
What's the difference betweeen USL and the Graf Zeppelin?
What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used car salesman?
What's the difference between a duck and an elephant?
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
What's the difference between the 1950's and the 1980's?
What's the first question that the computer community asks?
What's the matter with the world?
What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?
What's this place called?
What's this script do?
What's this stuff about people being released on their own recognizance?
What's tiny and yellow and very, very, dangerous?
What's worn under the kilt?
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong, you lose my number?
What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
What, after all, is a halo?
What, still alive at twenty-two, A clean upstanding chap like you?
What, the ability to form imaginary constructs?
Whatever I can pry up is not nailed down.
Whatever THAT meant, well, I just couldn't guess.
Whatever became of eternal truth?
Whatever doesn't succeed in two months and a half in California will never succeed.
Whatever is not nailed down is mine.
Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.
Whatever it is, I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts.
Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not cockroaches!
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good.
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like other people.
Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
Whattaya got for collateral?
Wheeled and soared and swung High in the sunlit silence.
When Alexander Graham Bell died in 1922, the telephone people interrupted service for one minute in his honor.
When BYTE Magazine was preparing our 1984 Kermit article for publication, they suggested we contact Henson Associates Inc.
When David Schwartz left university in 1972, he set up Rent-a-wreck as a joke.
When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?
When God created two sexes, he may have been overdoing it.
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
When God saw how faulty was man He tried again and made woman.
When I arose to open for my beloved, my hands dripped with myrrh; the liquid myrrh from my fingers ran over the knobs of the bolt.
When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
When I first arrived in this country I had only fifteen cents in my pocket and a willingness to compromise.
When I first started working 40 years ago, a factory supervisor was focused on the product.
When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity for him.
When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a year.
When I left you, I was but the pupil.
When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know who have gone to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life.
When I saw a sign on the freeway that said, Los Angeles 445 miles, I said to myself, I've got to get out of this lane.
When I say the magic word to all these people, they will vanish forever.
When I see you, I feel like I'm hungry all over.
When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve it on silver trays on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality.
When I sits, I sits easy.
When I smile tell me some bad news, Before I laugh and act like a fool.
When I think about myself.
When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President.
When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if I had any firearms with me.
When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
When I was little, I went into a pet shop and they asked how big I'd get.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I cannot remember any but the things that never happened.
When I went anywhere, I had to be going 65 MPH by the end of my driveway.
When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.
When I woke up this morning, my girlfriend asked if I had slept well.
When I works, I works hard.
When I'm gone, boxing will be nothing again.
When I'm good, I'm great; but when I'm bad, I'm better.
When IBM recently abandoned some of its original standards and decreed new ones, many of its rivals declared a puritan allegiance to IBM's original faith, and denounced the company as a divisive innovator.
When Lord Copper was right he said Definitely, Lord Copper; when he was wrong, Up to a point.
When Marriage is Outlawed, Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.
When My Love Comes Back from the Ladies' Room Will I Be Too Old to Care?
When Satan heard of this, he grinned and said, And just where do you think you're going to find a lawyer?
When Sir John Denham, the Royalist poet, heard of Wither's imminent execution, he went to the King and begged that his life be spared.
When Yahweh your gods has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and driven out many infidels before you.
When a JCL syntax error is detected or your job ABENDs, the window-oriented JCL debugger is entered.
When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!
When a cow laughs, does milk come out of its nose?
When a fellow says, It ain't the money but the principle of the thing, it's the money.
When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half loop?
When a girl can read the handwriting on the wall, she may be in the wrong rest room.
When a girl marries she exchanges the attentions of many men for the inattentions of one.
When a lion meets another with a louder roar, the first lion thinks the last a bore.
When a lot of remedies are suggested for a disease, that means it can't be cured.
When a man assumes a public trust, he should consider himself as public property.
When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life.
When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
When a man marries again, it is because he adored his first wife.
When a man says he is ready to go out, it means he is ready to go out.
When a man sits with a pretty girl for an hour, it seems like a minute.
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
When a man you don't like does it, he is a liar who has broken his promises.
When a man you like switches from what he said a year ago, or four years ago, he is a broad-minded man who has courage enough to change his mind with changing conditions.
When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away.
When a politician rubs his nose, he isn't lying.
When a politician scratches his collar bone, he isn't lying.
When a politician tugs on his ear, he isn't lying.
When a program is being tested, it is too late to make design changes.
When a programmer used his new computer terminal, all was fine when he was sitting down, but he couldn't log in to the system when he was standing up.
When a relationship ends, a woman will cry and pour her heart out to her girlfriends, and she will write a poem titled All Men Are Idiots.
When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes.
When a woman gives me a present I have always two surprises: first is the present, and afterward, having to pay for it.
When a woman marries again it is because she detested her first husband.
When a woman marries, she gets a boarder.
When a woman saves a man's life, he is grateful.
When a woman says she is ready to go out, it means she WILL be ready to go out, as soon as she finds her earring, finishes putting on her makeup, checks on the kids, makes a phone call to her best friend.
When accountants make long-range plans, harmony and order are about to be restored.
When accountants talk of quarterly profits, the development budget is about to be cut.
When all else fails, EAT!
When all else fails, pour a pint of Guinness in the gas tank, advance the spark 20 degrees, cry God Save the Queen!
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When all else fails, try Kate Smith.
When all other means of communication fail, try words.
When along came a senorita, She looked so good that I had to meet her, I was ready to approach her with my English charm, When her brass knuckled boyfriend grabbed me by the arm, And he said, grow some funk of your own, amigo, Grow some funk of your own.
When among apes, one must play the ape.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him immediately some absurdity in his proposition.
When are you going to grow up?
When asked by an anthropologist what the Indians called America before the white men came, an Indian said simply Ours.
When asked by her father why she had been on the phone so long, she responded I heard a funny story today and I've been telling it to the Maureens.
When asked his reason, Sir John replied, Because that so long as Wither lived, Denham would not be accounted the worst poet in England.
When asked questions about the flight, they reply that you don't want to know, don't need to know and would you please return to your seat and watch the movie.
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
When being alive at the same time is a wonderful coincidence.
When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.
When bought they stay bought.
When character is gone, all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
When childhood dies, its corpses are called adults.
When choosing between two evils, I always like to take the one I've never tried before.
When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question, How would the Lone Ranger handle this?
When dangling, watch your participles.
When designing an operating system, the programmer seeks the simplest harmony between machine and ideas.
When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a non-cynical, or even an informative cookie?
When does later become never?
When does summertime come to Minnesota, you ask?
When dreams become more important than reality, you give up travel, building, creating; you even forget how to repair the machines left behind by your ancestors.
When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis; and when the lights go out, they turn into animals.
When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.
When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the floor.
When he does his third and later ones, his prior experiences will confirm each other as to the general characteristics of such systems, and their differences will identify those parts of his experience that are particular and not generalizable.
When he got back he didn't know where he had been.
When he got there he didn't know where he was.
When he got there he realized that they had moved, that he had no idea where they had moved to, and that the piece of paper with the address was long gone.
When he is finally out of clothes, he will wear a dirty sweatshirt inside out, rent a U-Haul and take his mountain of clothes to the laundromat.
When he looks down, paraphrase the question back at him.
When he was wheeled into the insurance office to collect his check, Miller was confronted by several executives.
When he wriggles he mistakes the agitation of his tail for the trembling of the edifice.
When his mouth starts moving, that's when he's lying!
When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his entire wad, shook the dice and rolled.
When his wife died his friends believed he would marry her, and urged him to do so.
When his work is done, he deletes it.
When his work is done, the users say, Amazing: we implemented it, all by ourselves!
When in charge, ponder.
When in doubt, do it.
When in doubt, follow your heart.
When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
When in doubt, lead trump.
When in doubt, mumble.
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
When in doubt, print 'em out.
When in doubt, suggest that a subcommittee be appointed.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
When in doubt, use brute force.
When in panic, fear and doubt, Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.
When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
When in trouble, delegate.
When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight.
When it comes to foreign food, the less authentic the better.
When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
When it comes to humility, I'm the greatest.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not to make a decision.
When it isn't, don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
When it's converted to energy?
When it's dark enough you can see the stars.
When it's growing, you don't mind watering it with a few tears.
When it's put to the test.
When license fees are too high, users do things by hand.
When logic and proportion Get up and tell you where to go.
When love is gone, there's always justice.
When man calls an animal vicious, he usually means that it will attempt to defend itself when he tries to kill it.
When managers hold endless meetings, the programmers write games.
When managers make commitments, game programs are ignored.
When my brain begins to reel from my literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
When my fist clenches crack it open, Before I use it and lose my cool.
When my freshman roommate at Cornell found out I was Jewish, she was, at her request, moved to a different room.
When neither their poverty nor their honor is touched, the majority of men live content.
When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
When one has tasted it, he knows what the angels eat.
When one knows women one pities men, but when one studies men, one excuses women.
When oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U.
When people are least sure, they are often most dogmatic.
When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.
When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?
When properly administered, vacations do not diminish productivity: for every week you're away and get nothing done, there's another when your boss is away and you get twice as much done.
When replying to one of your own memos.
When senior scientists address the problems at hand, the problems will soon be solved.
When senior scientists talk blue sky, the clouds are about to roll in.
When several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a despondent silence.
When she awoke the next morning, sure enough, there beside her in bed was a very young, handsome man, clearly of royal blood.
When she got there, the cupboard was bare And so was her daughter, I guess.
When she hauled ass, it took three trips.
When she was good, she was very, very good And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
When she was just small.
When should a man marry?
When some people decide it's time for everyone to make big changes, it means that they want you to change first.
When some people discover the truth, they just can't understand why everybody isn't eager to hear it.
When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors would eventually be in the millions, someone else said, Where are they all going to go?
When someone says I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done, give him a lollipop.
When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
When taxes are due, Americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.
When that feared moment arives, Ask not for whom the bell tolls, It tolls for thee.
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
When the Guru administers, the users are hardly aware that he exists.
When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating.
When the author of the original memo is much bigger than you are.
When the ax entered the forest, the trees said, The handle is one of us!
When the blind lead the blind they will both fall over the cliff.
When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking about themselves.
When the candles are out all women are fair.
When the copy of your floppy's getting sloppy on the disk, And the microcode instructions cause unnecessary risc, Then you have to flash your memory and you'll want to ram your rom.
When the cup is full, carry it level.
When the day is done and the moon comes out, And you hear the printer whining and the rk's seems to count, When the other desks are empty and their terminals glassy grey, And the load is only 1.
When the facts are against you, argue the law.
When the fan finally bought his ticket, he was thirsty, so he went to buy a drink.
When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.
When the going gets tough, everyone leaves.
When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical.
When the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
When the government bureau's remedies don't match your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy.
When the law is against you, argue the facts.
When the leaders speak of peace The common folk know That war is coming When the leaders curse war The mobilization order is already written out.
When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
When the man left, the guard took him aside and searched his clothes, but nothing was to be found.
When the management is too intrusive, users lose their spirit.
When the master asked about this, the novice became indignant.
When the merry click of the two-base lick Will be heard throughout the land.
When the night-shadows fall, then the door will open, Out of the winfow-panes light will twinkle yellow.
When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: What is appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice.
When the officer moved to arrest the suspects, one dog growled at him while the other leapt up and bit his thigh.
When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look like a nail.
When the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to treat everything as if it were a nail.
When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own pockets.
When the programmer was seated he was a touch typist and the problem went unnoticed, but when he stood he was led astray by hunting and pecking.
When the revolution comes, count your change.
When the rider gets close enough, the crawling man whispers through his sun-parched lips, Water.
When the saleman's car broke down, he walked to the nearest farmhouse to ask if he could stay the night.
When the second new arrival came, Einstein once again inquired as to the newcomer's IQ.
When the speaker and he to whom he is speaks do not understand, that is metaphysics.
When the stars threw down their spears The cruel fire of thine eyes?
When the sun shineth, make hay.
When the switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
When the weight of the paperwork equals the weight of the plane, the plane will fly.
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
When there is an old maid in the house, a watch dog is unnecessary.
When they arrived at the court of the kingdom, they found that they were expected to present the Princess with some treasure.
When they demanded 5,000 pounds in cash, the head cashier laughed at them, convinced that it was a practical joke.
When they eventually checked, the prison guards found that exactly half of the gaol's population was missing.
When they got to the top, the lad cleared his throat and he shouted out, YOPP!
When they're maids they're mild as milk: once make 'em wives, and they lean their backs against their marriage certificates, and defy you.
When they've blackballed, bamboozled, and burned you, When they've turned on you, Tory and Whig, Though you may be thrown over by Tabby and Rover, You'll never go wrong with a pig, a pig, You'll never go wrong with a pig!
When things go well, expect something to explode, erode, collapse or just disappear.
When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.
When this bird moves across the land, it brings a message from Corporate Headquarters.
When this can was originally introduced, it appeared flashy and colorful, but the design hasn't changed much over the years, so it appears dated now.
When this load is DONE I think I'll wash it AGAIN.
When this person left our employ, we were quite hopeful he would go a long way with his skills.
When traveling, never leave a country hungry.
When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in love.
When uselessness just isn't enough.
When users lack knowledge and desire, management will not try to interfere.
When users see one GUI as beautiful, other user interfaces become ugly.
When users see some programs as winners, other programs become lossage.
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
When we get to October 2, we'll add up the wins, and then we'll either all go into the playoffs, or we'll all go home and play golf.
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find anyone.
When we talk of tomorrow, the gods laugh.
When we think about risk, human beings and corporations realize in their heads that risks are necessary to grow, to survive.
When we write programs that learn, it turns out we do and they don't.
When winter passed, she came again, And her song released the sudden spring, Like rising lark, and falling rain, And melting water bubbling.
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes; when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues.
When you agree completely with the author of an memo.
When you and I are far apart Can sorrow break your tender heart?
When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
When you are about to do an objective and scientific piece of investigation of a topic, it is well to gave the answer firmly in hand, so that you can proceed forthrightly, without being deflected or swayed, directly to the goal.
When you are at Rome live in the Roman style; when you are elsewhere live as they live elsewhere.
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.
When you are young, you enjoy a sustained illusion that sooner or later something marvelous is going to happen, that you are going to transcend your parents' limitations.
When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend.
When you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself Americanized.
When you can't afford to be right.
When you develop encryption, more users become crackers.
When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.
When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
When you dig another out of trouble, you've got a place to bury your own.
When you don't know anything, and someone else finds out.
When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly.
When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.
When you find yourself in danger, When you're threatened by a stranger, When it looks like you will take a lickin'.
When you get what you want in your struggle for self And the world makes you king for a day, Just go to a mirror and look at yourself And see what that man has to say.
When you get your PH.
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
When you go out into the world, watch for traffic, hold hands, and stick together.
When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.
When you got it, flaunt it!
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
When you have power you are surrounded by people whose job it is to take the blame for your mistakes.
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
When you jump for joy, beware that no-one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
When you know absolutely nothing about the topic, make your forecast by asking a carefully selected probability sample of 300 others who don't know the answer either.
When you leave, take someone with you.
When you like to think of someone on days that begin with a morning.
When you live in a sick society, just about everything you do is wrong.
When you look around you can always see somebody who did worse.
When you look at it that way.
When you make your mark in the world, watch out for guys with erasers.
When you meet a master swordsman, show him your sword.
When you overesteem great hackers, more users become cretins.
When you say something to another which everyone knows isn't true.
When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
When you scuffed your feet, you picked up batches of electrons, which are very small objects that carpet manufacturers weave into carpets so they will attract dirt.
When you speak to others for their own good it's advice; when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.
When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.
When you stop to smell the flowers, are they afraid?
When you take one from the fridge, it opens itself.
When you try to make an impression, the chances are that is the impression you will make.
When you wake up in the morning, Pooh, said Piglet at last, what's the first thing you say to yourself?
When you were born, a big chance was taken for you.
When you're a Yup You're a Yup all the way From your first slice of Brie To your last Cabernet.
When you're a Yup You're not just a dreamer You're making things happen You're driving a Beamer.
When you're away, I'm restless, lonely, Wretched, bored, dejected; only Here's the rub, my darling dear I feel the same when you are near.
When you're bored with yourself, marry, and be bored with someone else.
When you're dining out and you suspect something's wrong, you're probably right.
When you're down and out, lift up your voice and shout, I'M DOWN AND OUT!
When you're in command, command.
When you're married to someone, they take you for granted.
When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?
When your IQ rises to 28, sell.
When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
When your memory goes, forget it!
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man I want my children to spend their weekends with?
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
Whenever I get lonely, I open it up a little bit, and I get a phone call.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse, beginning It was a dark and stormy night.
Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond recognition.
Whenever anyone says, theoretically, they really mean, not really.
Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
Whenever people agree with me, I always think I must be wrong.
Whenever someone tells you to take their advice, you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
Whenever we had chicken for dinner, we would all want a drumstick, so we'd have to kill two chickens.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform.
Whenever you talk on the phone, your local computer listens in.
Where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?
Where did you get this meat?
Where did you hide the ship?
Where do I find nothing?
Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
Where do you go to get anorexia?
Where do your SOCKS go when you lose them in th' WASHER?
Where does it go when you flush?
Where is Jimmy Hoffa?
Where is John Carson now that we need him?
Where is the wise one named Knuth?
Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to examine the laws of heat.
Where on earth do they all go to?
Where seagulls flew over their nest.
Where shall I begin, please your Majesty ?
Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?
Where shall we have lunch?
Where so many people died.
Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks, And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask Why?
Where there are visible vapors, having their prevenance in ignited carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
Where there is much light there is also much shadow.
Where there is no police, there is no speed limit.
Where there's a will, there's a relative.
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.
Where there's no emotion, there's no motive for violence.
Where they say you should not wander after dark.
Where unrecorded names and navies rust, and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful water-land, there was thy most familiar home.
Where was the dog at this time?
Where will it all end?
Where would you put it?
Where you stand depends on where you sit.
Where's SANDY DUNCAN?
Where's the Coke machine?
Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
Where's the man could ease a heart Like a satin gown?
Where's the man could ease a heart like a satin gown?
Where's your academic honesty?
Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Wherever possible, put people on HOLD.
Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart the love of wonder, the sweet amazement at the stars and the starlike things and thoughts, the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike appetite for what next, and the joy and the game of life.
Whether weary or unweary, O man, do not rest, Do not cease your single-handed struggle.
Whether you can hear it or not, The Universe is laughing behind your back.
Which is pretty amazing, because they're all cocker spaniels!
Which is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.
Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt if they don't live our way.
Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?
Which may really mess things up.
Which one asked for the clean glass?
Which raises the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
Which will be Her Mate.
While Bill has a great deal of experience, he certainly isn't the rigger Mort is.
While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things, The fate of empires and the fall of kings; While quacks of State must each produce his plan, And even children lisp the Rights of Man; Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention, The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
While and until follow each other.
While anyone can admit to themselves they were wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.
While describing his duties to the new man, Lamonte pointed to a bowl of candy on the coffee table and warned him that he was not to take any.
While hackers around it were weeping?
While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he was all right.
While in this world, are liable to leak.
While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never does.
While riding in a train between London and Birmingham, a woman inquired of Oscar Wilde, You don't mind if I smoke, do you?
While the engineer developed his thesis, the director leaned over to his assistant and whispered, Did you ever hear of why the sea is salt?
While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far the more certain.
While the investigating officer questioned two suspects, they patted and stroked the dogs who eventually fell asleep in front of the fire.
While the millionaires hide in Beekman place, The bag ladies throw their bones in my face, I get attacked by a kid with stereo sound, I don't want to hear it but he won't turn it down.
While the preceding poem is unarguably a change from the guarded pessimism of The Hound of Heaven, it cannot be regarded as an unqualified improvement.
While there's life, there's hope.
While they brand these tales as lies.
While they were discussing the merits of a local ring hero, the bar goes silent.
While visions of inquiries danced in their heads.
While walking down a crowded City street the other day, I heard a little urchin To a comrade turn and say, Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse, I'd be happy as a clam If only I was de feller dat Me mudder t'inks I am.
While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's still very reassuring to know that it's still there.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and are making another attack.
While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are safe, for you can watch both of his.
Whip it, whip it good!
Whistler's mother is off her rocker.
White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.
White then resigns on realizing that a fifth move would involve either a Q-KR5 check or the loss of his queen.
Whither do you wander?
Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?
Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
Who alterest all things with thy peering eyes.
Who am I to stone the first cast?
Who are the artists in the Computer Graphics Show?
Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
Who cares if it doesn't do anything?
Who could have supposed I should meet you in Town?
Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
Who dat who say who dat when I say who dat?
Who does not love wine, women, and song, Remains a fool his whole life long.
Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
Who doesn't need to be reminded all the time that he is very successful.
Who enjoys his job today?
Who gets to the pot of gold first?
Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
Who guards the Guardians?
Who had a home across the way To ask them for a light.
Who has clearly never tried to use a PDP-10.
Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk ?
Who loves me will also love my dog.
Who loves not wisely but too well Will look on Helen's face in hell, But he whose love is thin and wise Will view John Knox in Paradise.
Who made the world I cannot tell; 'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
Who messed with my anti-paranoia shot?
Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?
Who said things would get better?
Who the hell really compelled me to leave today?
Who to himself is law no law doth need, offends no law, and is a king indeed.
Who took the cork off my lunch?
Who wants to remember that escape-x-alt-control-left shift-b puts you into super-edit-debug-compile mode?
Who was that masked man?
Who was the first president of the United States?
Who were the Democratic presidential candidates?
Who will take care of the world after you're gone?
Who would frame someone with a fake?
Who wouldst not leave him in his wandering To seek for treasure in the jewelled skies, Albeit he soared with an undaunted wing?
Who's complaining about the noise?
Who's scruffy-looking?
Whodunit readers are just Spillane folks.
Whoever could feel the course of a light ray would be very happy, for it is very swift.
Whoever crosseth the bridge of Death, must answer first these questions three, ere the other side he see!
Whoever dies with the most toys wins.
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster.
Whoever has lived long enough to find out what life is, knows how deep a debt of gratitude we owe to Adam, the first great benefactor of our race.
Whoever said, Let them eat cake.
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods.
Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.
Whom do you believe, asked Nasrudin, me or a donkey?
Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.
Whom the gods would destroy, they first teach BASIC.
Whom the mad would destroy, first they make Gods.
Whose only purpose is to destroy.
Whose picture is on the back of a twenty-dollar bill?
Why I Can't Go Out With You: I'd LOVE to, but.
Why a man would want a wife is a big mystery to some people.
Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
Why are Lucas electronics more likely to leak than say Bosch?
Why are many scientists using lawyers for medical experiments instead of rats?
Why are programmers non-productive?
Why are programmers rebellious?
Why are the programmers resigning one by one?
Why are these athletic shoe salesmen following me?
Why are you bothered by its uselessness?
Why are you doing that, Master?
Why are you doing this to me?
Why are you looking under the light, you lost them in the dark!
Why are you so hard to ignore?
Why are you watching The washing machine?
Why are you watching it?
Why aren't HALs selling?
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Why be difficult when, with a bit of effort, you could be impossible?
Why bother building any more nuclear warheads until we use the ones we have?
Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?
Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon?
Why did it have to be snakes?
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?
Why did the Roman Empire collapse?
Why did the WASP cross the road?
Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
Why did the chicken cross the playground?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did the germ cross the microscope?
Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
Why did the tachyon cross the road?
Why did you embarrass me like that in front of everybody?
Why did you get a divorce?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
Why do I not see it for myself?
Why do WASPs play golf ?
Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
Why do ducks have big flat feet?
Why do elephants have big flat feet?
Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
Why do it right when you can do it wrong?
Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another meaning?
Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
Why do people have so much trouble understanding the kludge?
Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
Why do seagulls live near the sea?
Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic?
Why do the poets of the present not speak of it?
Why do the police always travel in threes?
Why do they call a fast a fast, when it goes so slow?
Why do they tolerate this total subservience, this wretched existence as outcasts who are hungry all the time?
Why do we have two eyes?
Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?
Why do you blow on your hands?
Why do you expect it from a machine that humans have constructed?
Why do you find that funny?
Why do you have to know so much?
Why do you not quit your present job and join me here?
Why does New Jersey have more toxic waste dumps and California have more lawyers?
Why does a Bozo cross the street?
Why does a hearse horse snicker, hauling a lawyer away?
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
Why doesn't anyone send me the scripts that Faye Dunaway gets?
Why don't I take you home?
Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
Why don't you fix your little problem.
Why don't you go chase them?
Why haven't you graduated yet?
Why he stays in the bottle.
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
Why is Poland just like the United States?
Why is everything RED?
Why is everything made of Lycra Spandex?
Why is it always me, teacher?
Why is it called a funny bone when it hurts so much?
Why is it no one ever sent me yet One perfect limousine, do you suppose?
Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?
Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?
Why is the alphabet in that order?
Why is the net wired randomly?
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
Why isn't there some cheap and easy way to prove how much she means to me?
Why lies it here, on public disk And why is it now unprotected?
Why must you tell me all your secrets when it's hard enough to love you knowing nothing?
Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they are another's.
Why not give it one more try based on the approach I've out- lined and see if you can come up with something fresh.
Why not go out on a limb?
Why not have an old-fashioned Christmas for your family this year?
Why not try it, and see how offended you are?
Why not, David, it might even be fun.
Why not, then, the last step of doing away with computers altogether?
Why on earth do people buy old bottles of wine when they can get a fresh one for a quarter of the price?
Why preyest thou thus upon the poet's heart, Vulture, whose wings are dull realities?
Why should they bother with social conventions?
Why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity?
Why should we think that collectively, as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?
Why the sea is salt' many times, but I never thought it important until just a moment ago.
Why use Windows, since there is a door?
Why was I born with such contemporaries?
Why was I put on this earth?
Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
Why waste negative entropy on comments, when you could use the same entropy to create bugs instead?
Why were others put on this earth?
Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?
Why would anyone want to be called Later?
Why would the positions of celestial objects at the moment of birth have an effect on our characters, lives, or destinies?
Why would you shoot loons?
Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail?
Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?
Why, I do it again and again.
Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she kissed her cow.
Why, it's to measure with!
Why, two years ago, my daughter was swimming in the lake and bumped her head and damned near drowned, but that pig swam out and dragged her back to shore.
Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits that unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant?
Why, yes, young man, said the gentleman.
Why, yesterday, I had the audience glued to their seats!
Why, you've still the sunshine left you And the big blue sky.
Wide-eyed, the Child raised his voice and said once again, Why, the Emperor has no clothes!
Wilde gave her a sidelong glance and replied, I don't mind if you burn, madam.
Wilder as NO PLACE TO PARK.
Wilkes-Barre dentist who is being sought by the police in connection with the disappearance of a choir singer.
Will Rogers never met you.
Will Rogers, having paid too much income tax one year, tried in vain to claim a rebate.
Will charging the atmosphere of the workplace with the fear of excretory betrayal honestly spur productivity?
Will it improve my CASH FLOW?
Will just be another American town.
Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh?
Will the defendant please rise?
Will the third world war keep Bosom Buddies off the air?
Will trick you of your liquor, If you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.
Will you please have your master call my master at his convenience?
Will your long-winded speeches never end?
William Safire's Rules for Writers: Remember to never split an infinitive.
Willy certainly addressed this idea in Count Zero, with Katatonenkunst, the automatic box-maker and the girl's observation that the real art was the building of the machine itself, rather than its output.
Windows 95 Beer: A lot of people have taste-tested it and claim it's wonderful.
Windows 95 beer starts shipping.
Windows Airlines: The terminal is very neat and clean, the attendants all very attractive, the pilots very capable.
Windows NT Beer: Comes in 32-oz.
Windows without the X is like making love without a partner.
Winners in the 7th Annual Bulwer-Lytton Bad Writing Contest.
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.
Winning isn't everything.
Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity.
Winston, if you were my husband, I'd put poison in your coffee.
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
Winwood Reade is good upon the subject, said Holmes.
Wipe that smile off your face.
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
Wisdom is rarely found on the best-seller list.
Wisdom was not at the top of the graduate school mountain but there in the sandbox at nursery school.
Wish and hope succeed in discerning signs of paranormality where reason and careful scientific procedure fail.
Wish not to seem, but to be, the best.
Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time they make a law it's a joke.
With Dido, and Eve, and poor Nell.
With LISP code and programs, We've been waiting for you.
With UNIX, if you're looking for something, you can easily and quickly check that small manual and find out that it's not there.
With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq.
With YOU, I can be MYSELF.
With a blue-elephant gun.
With a drink so good, 'tis folly to be thirsty 1929 The high sign of refreshment 1929 The pause that refreshes 1930 It had to be good to get where it is 1932 The drink that makes a pause refreshing 1935 The pause that brings friends together 1937 STOP for a pause.
With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I try to be a fraud and a half.
With a great deal of strategy and effort and shouting, we managed to maneuver the shark, over the course of about a half-hour, to a sort of corner of the lagoon, so that it had no way to escape other than to flop up onto the land and evolve.
With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, Big John has a bus pass.
With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice.
With all due respect to an enlightened but inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
With all the crashed disks, skewed data, and broken line printers, you can still have a beautiful secretary.
With all the fancy scientists in the world, why can't they just once build a nuclear balm?
With an electric mixer, beat one cup butter in a large fluffy bowl.
With arms open you allow love to come and go as it wills, freely, for it will do so anyway.
With care read the first word of each line.
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules, and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no such thing as progress.
With five empty seats.
With foes ahead, behind us dread, Beneath the sky shall be our bed, Until at last our toil be passed, Our journey done, our errand sped.
With gently smiling jaws!
With him, he brought his favorite robot, faithful old Yewtoo Artoo, to carry his gear and do assorted camp chores.
With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.
With molasses you catch flies, with vinegar you catch nobody.
With my own hands I opened to my love, but my love had turned away and gone by; my heart sank when he turned his back.
With nothing whatever to grumble at!
With obvious disgust in his voice, he snaps OK, you win, I give up.
With our unique training course, we'll show you how to write 20 lines of code and lots more besides.
With proper assistance, you might have left off at seven.
With reasonable men I will reason; with humane men I will plead; but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
With runners at first and third, and home-run hitter Ralph Kiner at bat, our manager put in the fast Brandy Davis to run for the player at first.
With that, he jumped on his carbon cycle in an activated state and sped off along the reaction pathway.
With that, the Chief Priest went to lunch.
With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus party.
With the help of the Wickersham Brothers and dozens of Wickersham Uncles and Wickersham Cousins and Wickersham In-Laws, whose help I've engaged, You're going to be roped!
With the news that Nancy Reagan has referred to an astrologer when planning her husband's schedule, and reports of Californians evacuating Los Angeles on the strength of a prediction from a sixteenth-century physician and astrologer Michel de Notredame, the image of the U.
With the sweet food she makes.
With these data we can compute the temperature of Heaven.
With this code that ever grows.
With this many groups of interest, your article will be quite bizarre, so post to talk.
With those babies in the wings, we can count on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening, paper folding, or something.
With those three things I don't need no sunshine, A reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.
With three million times the surface area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the crowding.
With your bare hands?
Within a computer, natural language is unnatural.
Within months, the rejuvenated man won the young woman's heart, and she agreed to marry him.
Within one more human lifespan, we will have changed ourselves unrecognizably.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
Without a belief in human unity I am hungry and incomplete.
Without a care, they live only for their programs.
Without a conclusion in sight.
Without adventure, civilization is in full decay.
Without class and style, a man's a bum; he might as well be dead.
Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the way he did.
Without facts, the decision cannot be made logically.
Without followers, evil cannot spread.
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
Without freedom of choice there is no creativity.
Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.
Without life, Biology itself would be impossible.
Without love intelligence is dangerous; without intelligence love is not enough.
Without the wind, the grass does not move.
Without you, Dover, Lacks your clean velocity.
Wizards make no difference, so they say that nothing does, but heroes are meant to die for unicorns.
Woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer, Yeah, Ah woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer The future's uncertain and the end is always near.
Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw.
Woman inspires us to great things, and prevents us from achieving them.
Woman was God's second mistake.
Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
Women are always anxious to urge bachelors to matrimony; is it from charity, or revenge?
Women are just like men, only different.
Women are like elephants to me: I like to look at them, but I wouldn't want to own one.
Women are more easily and more deeply terrified.
Women are not much, but they are the best other sex we have.
Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
Women aren't as mere as they used to be.
Women can keep a secret just as well as men, but it takes more of them to do it.
Women complain about sex more than men.
Women do laundry every couple of days.
Women give themselves to God when the Devil wants nothing more to do with them.
Women give to men the very gold of their lives.
Women professionals do tend to over-compensate.
Women reason with the heart and are much less often wrong than men who reason with the head.
Women sometimes forgive a man who forces the opportunity, but never a man who misses one.
Women think clothes are radioactive, with a half-life of one year.
Women think he is a mean, semi-dorky guy who always has a bad haircut.
Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.
Women want their men to be cops.
Women waste men's lives and think they have indemnified them by a few gracious words.
Women wear strange socks.
Women who want to be equal to men lack imagination.
Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore; not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or graceful, or intelligent, but because they are themselves.
Women's magazines also often feature pictures of naked ladies.
Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
Women, deceived by men, want to marry them; it is a kind of revenge as good as any other.
Women, when they are not in love, have all the cold blood of an experienced attorney.
Women, when they have made a sheep of a man, always tell him that he is a lion with a will of iron.
Won't ruin your whole day.
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher, and philosophy begins in wonder.
Woody Allen, whose humor has become so sophisticated that nobody gets it any more except Mia Farrow.
Word of the incident propagated rapidly through the region.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Words can never express what words can never express.
Words have a longer life than deeds.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do.
Work continues in this area.
Work expands to fill the time available.
Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall.
Work hard to improve.
Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near the earth's surface relative to other matter; second, telling other people to do so.
Work is the crab grass in the lawn of life.
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Work smarter, not harder, and be careful of your speling.
Work without a vision is slavery, Vision without work is a pipe dream, But vision with work is the hope of the world.
Worked through Beta test.
Workers of the world, arise!
Working late would feel like using an undocumented external procedure.
Working once a week, he might have lasted a long time and become a great star.
Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with a valentine.
Works equally poorly on all systems.
Works well in a classroom or seminar setting.
World Series only to realize he had left his ticket at home.
World War Three can be averted by adherence to a strictly enforced dress code!
World tensions have, if anything, increased in the quarter century since H.
Worship at Bank of America.
Worth the trouble, wasn't it?
Would I turn on the gas if my pal Mugsy were in there?
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Would it satisfy ya, would it slide on by ya, Would you think the boy was strange?
Would ship for Celtic gold.
Would that it were so in our programming languages.
Would that my hand were as swift as my tongue.
Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?
Would this make them Marionettes?
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
Would you bring me a postcard?
Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?
Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?
Would you kindly direct me to hell?
Would you know where we've moved to?
Would you like a peanut?
Would you like to learn how to be a little phony again?
Would you like, for once, not to express a feeling?
Would you mind not bobbing your head.
Would you people stop playing these stupid games?
Wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-Z?
Wouldn't this be a great world if being insecure and desperate were a turn-on?
Wouldn't you like to see some of them deleted from the system?
Wouldn't you say that's very odd?
Wow, I'd sure love to have that!
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Write a recursive macro?
Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
Write all adverbial forms correct.
Write today, for free help!
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
Writers who use a computer swear to its liberating power in tones that bear witness to the apocalyptic power of a new divinity.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Writing his memoirs of the Civil War.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead.
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
Writing software is more fun than working.
X-rated movies are all alike.
XLI: The more one produces, the less one gets.
XLVII: Two-thirds of the Earth's surface is covered with water.
XXI: It's easy to get a loan unless you need it.
XXXI: The optimum committee has no members.
XXXIII: Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
Xerox does it again and again and again and.
Xerox employees agree, and even feel strongly that they can not only meet but surpass the national average.
Xerox has instructed all personnel to be happy, effervescent, and most importantly, to smile.
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
Xerox your lunch and file it under sex offenders!
Xmas celebration completely, and instead sit in front of your linux computer playing with the all-new-and-improved linux kernel version.
Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
Y'know how s'm people treat th'r body like a TEMPLE?
Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!
YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE!
YOU PICKED KARL MALDEN'S NOSE!
YOU WILL NEED TO SUPPLY: a matrix wrench and 60,000 feet of tram cable.
YOU'LL FIND GOD RIGHT IN THERE!
Ya'll hear about the geometer who went to the beach to catch some rays and became a tangent ?
Yacc owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in their endless search for one more feature.
Ye've also got to remember that.
Yea from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
Yea, from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, That youth and observation copied there.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic operators together.
Yeah, I know what you mean, his friend replies.
Yeah, I said, trying not to laugh.
Yeah, but what's your gut feeling?
Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.
Yeah, replied the dean.
Yeah, replied the voice.
Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.
Yeah, the farmer replies, that chicken was ours.
Yeah, there are more important things in life than money, but they won't go out with you if you don't have any.
Years later, I went back to the same hotel.
Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
Yes you know he is crooked.
Yes, Captain, a sort of vacant contentment.
Yes, I am a real piece of work.
Yes, I don't have one.
Yes, I want the brochure describing this incredible offer.
Yes, I'd like to see that, does it come out of your ears or what?
Yes, I've now got this nice little apartment in New York, one of those L-shaped ones.
Yes, and I feel bad about rendering their useless carci into dogfood.
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
Yes, but not worth going to see.
Yes, but which self do you want to be?
Yes, but will I see the EASTER BUNNY in skintight leather at an IRON MAIDEN concert?
Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew.
Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.
Yes, he is, the doctor replied, but we don't know how.
Yes, how true, said the big kangaroo.
Yes, let this be his last rusting place.
Yes, let's consider, said Bruno, putting his thumb into his mouth again, and sitting down upon a dead mouse.
Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free, Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled.
Yes, many primitive people still believe this myth.
Yes, replied the master, the listings are stacked on the platform in the data center.
Yes, said his friend, I see that fool dog of yours can't swim.
Yes, sir, replied his victim, but, well, see, my friend back there, he don't have one!
Yes, sir, the clerk replied.
Yes, that about sums it up.
Yes, the good ship Enterprise There's excitement anywhere it flies Where Tribbles play And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.
Yes, the man admitted, his wife.
Yes, the philosophy of 'none,' meaning 'all.
Yes, those who separate people into two groups and those that don't.
Yes, up to isomorphism!
Yes, upon rare occasions, answered the handler.
Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars, and Pluto, but not necessarily in that order.
Yes, work never begun.
Yes, you too can take advantage of the amazing properties of Dot-Product.
Yes, you'll get Avogadro's number, Planck's, Euler's, Boltzmann's, and many, many, more!
Yes: That's how we dress when we're ruined, said she.
Yes; quaint and curious war is!
Yesterday I was a dog.
Yesterday upon the stair I met a man who wasn't there.
Yesterday, in Pitchburgh.
Yet all who know him consider him one of the best programmers in the world.
Yet another couple huddled together on the hide of a deer and they too were blessed with a very healthy baby son.
Yet another ether bunny.
Yet around his neck was a chain bearing the bronze octagon that marked him as an alumnus of Unseen University, the high school of magic whose time-and-space transcendent campus is never precisely Here or There.
Yet creeds mean very little, Coth answered the dark god, still speaking almost gently.
Yet does he wonder, do you suppose, If, even in gods divine, The best and wisest may not be those Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
Yet every such device has another level of play, where the device seeks not to conquer the human, nor to be conquered by the human.
Yet in reviewing it you speak of it as the work of the Idiot of the Century.
Yet magic and hierarchy arise from the same source, and this source has a null pointer.
Yet the Tao has no type specifier.
Yet you can save the city.
Yet your state of the union penultimate large Is the last known haunt of the Fractional Charge, And as you surf in the hot tub with sourdough roll Please ponder the passing of your sole Monopole.
Yet, added he, none of you can tell where it pinches me.
Yet, in time, as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
Yip is so fast that he has set a record for being fast.
Yip, nicknamed fumblefingers and you asshole by his teammates, hopes to carry the ball with him at least one of those times.
Yogi Berra: If the guy was poor, I would give it back.
Yogi Berra: No, ma'am, its not even carbonated.
Yogi Berra: You mean now?
Yoko Ono I'm too scared and good-looking, I cried.
You Don't Have to Go to Texas for a Chainsaw Massacre!
You Earth people glorified organized violence for forty centuries.
You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
You ain't ruined, said she.
You almost get it as an anti-democratic process.
