Now this man in 213 has about a week to live.
Now to show this for the general case, suppose that somewhere, there is a horse that has a finite number of legs.
Now we can become alcoholics!
Now we had runners at second and third.
Now what happens when the panic-stricken operator realizes he was running the wrong version of the gateway which was giving out the wrong network number?
Now what would they do if I just sailed away?
Now when I call him he ignores me and just keeps on typing.
Now when I drive at night, it looks like everyone else is standing still.
Now when I feel aroused by a civil rights case or a passport hearing.
Now when they forget the root password, you can easily login as an ordinary user and correct the damage.
Now whip them to maintain a constant pace and rhythm as they stand in even staves.
Now why didn't I think of that?
Now with what I learned at MIT Tech I feel really important and can obfuscate and confuse with the best.
Now withered lay the hemlock-sheaves, And one by one with sighing sound Whispering fell the beechen leaves In the wintry woodland wavering.
Now you want these free lessons or what?
Now you'll be be expected to throw another party next year.
Now, I am the master.
Now, I knew that snake was my own sweet Dad, From a wornout picture that my Mother had, And I knew that scar on his cheek and his evil eye.
Now, if they'd only take a bath.
Now, it is not only necessary to do the right thing, but to do it in the right way and the only problem you have is what is the right thing to do and what is the right way to do it.
Now, let's SEND OUT for QUICHE!
Now, now, my dear, replied her husband, keep your balance and reflux a moment.
Now, said the president, would you mind telling me why you couldn't have signed earlier?
Now, sir, we'll talk if you like.
Now, this dog is for sale, and she can not only follow a trail twice as old as the average dog can, but she's got a pretty good memory to boot.
Now, this dog is for sale.
Now, what affects it?
Now, whenever he flies, he carries a bomb with him.
Nowadays it insists on it.
Nowhere in the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines, and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.
Nuclear powered vacuuum cleaners will probably be a reality within 10 years.
Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile.
Nuclear war would mean abolition of most comforts, and disruption of normal routines, for children and adults alike.
Nuclear war would really set back cable.
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
Nullifying centuries of progress.
Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
Numeric stability is probably not all that important when you're guessing.
Nurture some mutual funds to shield you in times of sudden layoffs.
O Canada we stand on guard for thee Thank you.
O Light to us that wander here Amid the world of woven trees!
O Lord, grant that we may always be right, for Thou knowest we will never change our minds.
O Queen beyond the Western Sea!
O board from the card cage, comes a new experience in sound: 5.
O clearer than clear water!
O give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, Where the deer and the antelope play, Where seldom is heard A discouraging word, 'Cause what can an antelope say?
O imitators, you slavish herd!
O is for od, which prints out things nice, while P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice.
O love, could thou and I with fate conspire To grasp this sorry scheme of things entire, Might we not smash it to bits And mould it closer to our hearts' desire?
O reed by the living pool!
O slender as a willow-wand!
O spring-time and summer-time, and spring again after!
O stars that in the Sunless Year With shining hand by her were sown, In windy fields now bright and clear We see you silver blossom blown!
O wind on the waterfall, and the leaves' laughter!
O wondrous web of mystery!
O'Brien held up his left hand, its back toward Winston, with the thumb hidden and the four fingers extended.
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
O'er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming?
O, it is excellent To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous To use it like a giant.
OK, Coach, the player replied, and was off.
OK, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard.
OK, says the clerk, writing it down, how long you want 'em?
ONE can't, perhaps, said Humpty Dumpty; but TWO can.
Objects are lost only because people look where they are not rather than where they are.
Objects in mirror are closer than they appear.
Oblivion together does not frighten me, beloved.
Obscurity is of value only when it tends to clarify the poetic experience.
Observe the ass, for instance: his character is about perfect, he is the choicest spirit among all the humbler animals, yet see what ridicule has brought him to.
Observe yon plumed biped fine.
Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Obviously the only rational solution to your problem is suicide.
Obviously the subject of death was in the air, but more as something to be avoided than harped upon.
Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented.
Obviously you do not know the difference between courage and foolhardiness.
Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred.
Obviously, a man's judgement cannot be better than the information on which he has based it.
Occasionaly documented.
Octo-puss 365 Days of drinking Lo-Cal beer.
October 12, the Discovery.
Odets, where is thy sting?
Oedipus, Shmoedipus, I just love Mom.
Of all divers, thou has dived the deepest.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Of all men's miseries, the bitterest is this: to know so much and have control over nothing.
Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest amount of hot air.
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst.
Of all the words of witch's doom There's none so bad as which and whom.
Of beauty rich and rare.
Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's different.
Of course he only seems to lack the knowledge ladled out daily in high schools.
Of course he was ecstatic.
Of course it's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.
Of course it's the murder weapon.
Of course it's wrong!
Of course not, said a sympathetic friend.
Of course our reader can always go back to Tibet and take his pictures all over again, using the twelve replacement rolls Kodak so generously sent him.
Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix.
Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy.
Of course we should interfere!
Of course you can't flap your arms and fly to the moon.
Of course, beer is my life.
Of course, if Lucas were to design and manufacture nuclear weapons, World War III would never get off the ground.
Of course, it would orbit Sputnik, not Earth!
Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like, but Exxon has decided they smelled bad.
Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism: The collective enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the field on track.
Of course, the same can be said of dirt.
Of course, this will not stop him from entering the 10-items-or-less lane.
Of him the harpers sadly sing: the last whose realm was fair and free between the Mountains and the Sea.
Of hunger and thirst With core dumps, source listings.
Of thought is death, Am not I A fly like thee?
Off the record, God has stated that If I had wanted to ice the little toad, I would have done it a long time ago.
Off-screen crowd: Norm!
Officer, what led you to believe the defendant was under the influence?
Official Parking Lot of the 1984 Olympics!
Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
Often their hash table was bare.
Often things ARE as bad as they seem!
Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD?
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
Oh dear, I think you'll find reality's on the blink again.
Oh dear, you seem to have gotten yourself killed, as well.
Oh give me your pity!
Oh no, cried The Head, not another HAT!
Oh wearisome condition of humanity!
Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.
Oh what wouldn't I give to be spat at in the face.
Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure.
Oh yeah, say the the heroes, why don't you.
Oh, 'Melia, my dear, this does everything crown!
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid.
Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the strong academic types than to the dumb party animals, she said.
Oh, I have had my moments and, if I had it to do over again, I'd have more of them.
Oh, I know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles.
Oh, I sure wish that I, Had a couple of bits more!
Oh, I'd hate to see the grindstone.
Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain, I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end, I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend, But I always thought that I'd see you again.
Oh, Maggie, I wish I'd never seen your face.
Oh, a girl, she'd not forget him.
Oh, among some poor souls, including even intellectuals in fields of high scholarship, science is frequently misperceived.
Oh, and have a nice day!
Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
Oh, didn't you know I'd been ruined?
Oh, do not ask, What is it?
Oh, don't be such a baby!
Oh, give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
Oh, he didn't hurt them.
Oh, how do I know my youth is all spent?
Oh, how peaceful it'll be!
Oh, let us never, never doubt What nobody is sure about.
Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song, A medley of extemporanea; And love is thing that can never go wrong; And I am Marie of Roumania.
Oh, never mind, the disappointed salesman said.
Oh, no, says the patient.
Oh, say the wizards, if we're going to be like that, then, what about all those studded collars and oiled muscles down at the Young Men's Pagan Association?
Oh, says the friend, I'm doing great!
Oh, she was a hacker and he was one, too, They had so much in common, you'd say.
Oh, so there you are!
Oh, so you don't like it?
Oh, somewhere between an American Bald Eagle and a Trumpeter Swan.
Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the writing on this stone!
Oh, that bright day in the dead of night, Two dead men got up to fight.
Oh, that sound of male ego.
Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?
Oh, the Slithery Dee, he crawled out of the sea.
Oh, those Santraginean fish!
Oh, tidings of comfort and joy.
Oh, we've already bought them, but we haven't told anyone yet.
Oh, well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.
Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
Ok, meet me at one a.
Okay, Bobby said, getting the hang of it, then what's the matrix?
Okay, okay, say two for seven dollars.
Okay, says the producer, give me a call when he leaves.
Okay, then there are four groups.
Okay, you can send mail to one of the tutors.
Okra tastes slightly worse than its name implies.
Old Barlow was a crossing-tender at a junction where an express train demolished an automobile and its occupants.
Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.
Old MacDonald had a carburetor, answered the Kansan.
Old MacDonald had a farm, said the Iowan.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Old Mother Hubbard lived in a shoe, She had so many children, She didn't know what to do.
Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard To fetch her poor daughter a dress.
Old Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred thousand miles long.
Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.
Old Tom Bombadil is a merry fellow, Bright blue his jacket is, and his boots are yellow.
Old Tom Bombadil water-lilies bringing Comes hopping home again.
Old Troll laughed, when he heard Tom groan, And he knew his toes could feel it.
Old age and treachery will beat youth and skill every time.
Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.
Old age is always fifteen years old than I am.
Old age is the harbor of all ills.
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.
Old mail has arrived.
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability to set a bad example.
Old musicians never die, they just decompose.
Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.
Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.
Old soldiers never die.
Old-world software cruftsmanship at its finest.
Olympic wrestling team.
On Friday morning her husband snarled, How now, ground cow?
On Functions Complete!
On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are created jerks.
On November 13, Felix Unger was asked to remove himself from his place of residence.
On USENET, this is known as a summary.
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
On a morning bright and clear.
On a morning from a Bogart movie, in a country where they turned back time, You go strolling through the crowd like Peter Lorre contemplating a crime.
On a normal ascii line, the only safe condition to detect is a 'BREAK' - everything else having been assigned functions by Gnu EMACS.
On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague: This isn't right.
On a scale of 1 to 10 I'd say.
On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on a surtout peur de souffrir ou de faire souffrir.
On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does.
On any ball hit to center field, let's just let it roll to see if it might go foul.
On autopilot to oblivion.
On every golden scale!
On one end hangs a monkey holding a banana, and on the other end a weight equal to the weight of the monkey.
On our campus the UNIX system has proved to be not only an effective software tool, but an agent of technical and social change within the University.
On page 14, Hadamard is discussing Poincare's theory of fuchsian groups and fuchsian functions, which he describes as.
On second thought, I'd rather dance with the cows till you come home.
On that famous thoroughfare, with their noses in the air, High hats and Arrow collars, white spats and lots of dollars, Spending every dime, for a wonderful time.
On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog.
On the back it said: Wish you were here.
On the bill was an American inventor with his wonder machine for removing dust from carpets.
On the contrary, if the affair is out in the open, then on Friday evenings he may tell his wife that he is going to see his mistress, tell his mistress that he is going to be with his wife, then go to his office and get some work done!
On the deep and dark blue sea.
On the defensive side, Yale boasts the stingiest line in the Ivies.
On the final day of the trade show, the guard could restrain his curiosity no longer.
On the first floor, there is a convention of architects.
On the good ship Enterprise Every week there's a new surprise Where the Romulans lurk And the Klingons often go berserk.
On the next day of the trade show, the man returned and chided the guard saying: I escaped with a vast booty yesterday, but today will be even better.
On the night an excited audience gathered.
On the night before her family moved from Kansas to California, the little girl knelt by her bed to say her prayers.
On the other hand people my age are so much older than I am.
On the other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their religions.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick, that is also a psychological interaction.
On the other hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out.
On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
On the other hand, who could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a nanocentury.
On the poison they're exuding.
On the road, ZIPPY is a pinhead without a purpose, but never without a POINT.
On the second day of my fall semester, I got up.
On the second floor, there is a vinyl manufacturing plant.
On the subject of C program indentation: In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt.
On the third day of my fall semester, I got up.
On the third floor there is a fast food stand, and on the fourth floor there is a library.
On the way out of the chapel, however, Harold was fatally struck by lightning.
On the way to his retirement lunch, he discovered the programmer asleep at his terminal.
On the way to town, Hakuin was greeted by an itinerant monk imbued with the spirit of the morning.
On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
On this fine moonlit night, some horrible persona has been jabbing away at, dragging magnets over, and surging these voodoo boxen.
On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick tomatoes.
On this point we want to be perfectly clear: socialism has nothing to do with equalizing.
Once I finally figured out all of life's answers, they changed the questions.
Once a woman has given you her heart you can never get rid of the rest of her.
Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
Once again a student did not receive a single point on his exam.
Once again dread deed is done.
Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, I predict, Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease.
Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his roars.
Once is happenstance, Twice is coincidence, Three times is enemy action.
Once it hits the fan, the only rational choice is to sweep it up, package it, and sell it as fertilizer.
Once picked it needs a dark dusty drawer in which it can lie undisturbed for years.
Once punched out, we have a right to complain about atrocities, missing bazingas, and such.
Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part shall have the option of beginning installation.
Once someone has sunk to that level, what worse can you say about them?
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.
Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great crystal river.
Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins.
Once there was this conductor see, who had a bass problem.
Once they go up, who cares where they come down?
Once this begins, its rate is a matter of discretion.
Once upon a time there was a DOS user who saw Unix, and saw that it was good.
Once upon a time there was a beautiful young girl taking a stroll through the woods.
Once upon a time there was a kingdom ruled by a great bear.
Once upon a time there were three brothers who were knights in a certain kingdom.
Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the smaller prime numbers.
Once upon this midnight incoherent, While you pondered sentient and crystalline, Over many a broken and subordinate Volume of gnarly lore, While I pestered, nearly singing, Sudddenly there came a hewing, As of someone profusely skulking, Skulking at my chamber door.
Once you can be sold the myth that you may make president of the company you'll hardly ever steal stamps.
Once you can fake that, you've got it made.
Once you've got your network number, you start using it and before you can blink you've got it wired into fifteen different sockets spread all over creation.
Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.
Once you've tried to change the world you find it's a whole bunch easier to change your mind.
Once your reputation's done You can live a life of fun.
Once, I did an informal survey of 42 shops that used pseudocode.
Once, I read that a man be never stronger than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
Once, there was NO fun.
Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane complexities.
Ond flyng him lic frisbe bac to fen.
One Bell System - it sometimes works.
One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!
One Bell System - it works.
One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
One Thousand Strong, They Become a Man-Eating Machine!
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening.
One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative.
One big pile is better than two little piles.
One bright Sunday morning, in the shadows of the steeple, By the Relief Office, I seen my people; As they stood there hungry, I stood there whistling, This land was made for you and me.
One by one, the Mathematicians climbed out from under the rubble.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
One can search the brain with a microscope and not find the mind, and can search the stars with a telescope and not find God.
One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.
One cannot logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology.
One could not be a successful scientist without realizing that, in contrast to the popular conception supported by newspapers and mothers of scientists, a goodly number of scientists are not only narrow-minded and dull, but also just stupid.
One day I dropped the box all over the floor.
One day I got a call from a woman in France who said Cut it out!
One day I woke up and discovered that I was in love with tripe.
One day Jack's parent said to him, Our matrices are sparse.
One day Warburton returned home to find 55 of them charred beyond legibility.
One day Zarathud took his students to a pleasant pasture and there he confronted The Sacred Chao while She was contentedly grazing.
One day a fairly intelligent fly buzzed around above the web so long without lighting that the spider appeared and said, Come on down.
One day a student came to Moon and said, I understand how to make a better garbage collector.
One day he brought to Tortue a piece of string, and asked the same question.
One day it was announced that the young monk Kyogen had reached an enlightened state.
One day our minds became so powerful we dared think of ourselves as gods.
One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the truth.
One day they looked up in the heavens and desired to reach up as far as the eye could see.
One day this guy is finally fed up with his middle-class existence and decides to do something about it.
One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a phone call from another doctor.
One day, the aardvark reflected on the meaning of his life and his career and on the unchecked, catastrophic decline of his nation, its pathetic excuse for leadership, and the complete ineffectiveness of any personal effort he could make to change the status quo.
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.
One does not thank logic.
One doesn't have a sense of humor.
One dusty July afternoon, somewhere around the turn of the century, Patrick Malone was in Mulcahey's Bar, bending an elbow with the other street car conductors from the Brooklyn Traction Company.
One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence, turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said.
One end is moo, the other, milk.
One entrusted by A with the secrets of B, confided to himself by C.
One evening he spoke.
One evening, emboldened by hunger, the feline attempted to follow Gabe through the back door.
One expresses well the love he does not feel.
One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
One former student developed the concept of the personalized form letter.
One fortunate cookie.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
One gets sometimes such a flash of insight.
One gets such wholesome returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
One good crash deserves another.
One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.
One good thing about music, Well, it helps you feel no pain.
One good turn asketh another.
One good turn deserves another.
One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.
One half of me's paranoid and the other half's out to get him.
One half of the weight of the monkey, plus the weight of the banana, is one forth as much as the weight of the weight and the weight of the rope.
One in a million, perhaps.
One is not born a woman, one becomes one.
One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
One is on the shelf; someone has the others.
One lawyer can steal more than a hundred men with guns.
One learns to itch where one can scratch.
One leg is both the same.
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
One man's Mede is another man's Persian.
One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as one man would have produced alone.
One man's ceiling is another man's floor.
One man's constant is another man's variable.
One man's folly is another man's wife.
One man's magic is another man's engineering.
One man's simple is another man's huh?
One may be able to quibble about the quality of a single experiment, or about the veracity of a given experimenter, but, taking all the supportive experiments together, the weight of evidence is so strong as readily to merit a wise man's reflection.
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.
One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability.
One monk said to the other, The fish has flopped out of the net!
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas, how he got in my pajamas, I don't know.
One morning when the child was five, while the husband was reading the paper, and the wife was feeding the dog, the little kid looks up from his bowl and said, My cereal's cold.
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
One night, the ship strikes some floating debris, and sinks without a trace.
One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.
One of its windshield wipers is broken, and the carburetor needs adjusting.
One of the advantages of being a captain is being able to ask for advice without necessarily having to take it.
One of the boxers is felled by a low blow.
One of the chief duties of the mathematician in acting as an advisor.
One of the disadvantages of having children is that they eventually get old enough to give you presents they make at school.
One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to aggravate illusions.
One of the large consolations for experiencing anything unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.
One of the men gets out and goes into the office.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they need no answer.
One of the problems I've always had with propaganda pamphlets is that they're real boring to look at.
One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
One of the questions that comes up all the time is: How enthusiastic is our support for UNIX?
One of the rules of Busmanship, New York style, is never surrender your seat to another passenger.
One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we've been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle.
One of the signs of Napoleon's greatness is the fact that he once had a publisher shot.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly useful and interesting, I just had to share it.
One of the three men says, I've got an idea.
One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.
One of them called out, Hey, Scotty!
One of them is woman's.
One of them said, So will you.
One of them was always getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to the farmhouse to alert the other ones.
One of them's my wife and the other's my mistress!
One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
One of us got traded to Kansas City.
One of your most ancient writers, a historian named Herodotus, tells of a thief who was to be executed.
One old enough to know better.
One organism, one vote.
One path leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction.
One person's error is another person's data.
One picture is worth 128K words.
One picture is worth more than ten thousand words.
One planet is all you get.
One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan is that there never was a plan in the first place.
One promising concept that I came up with right away was that you could manufacture personal air bags, then get a law passed requiring that they be installed on congressmen to keep them from taking trips.
One reason why George Washington Is held in such veneration: He never blamed his problems On the former Administration.
One said that the economy would turn up by the last quarter.
One says, This is old, and therefore good.
One seldom sees a monument to a committee.
One shot took effect in his forehead.
One should always be in love.
One slow day, he found that he had time to chat with the new entrants.
One small step for man, one giant stumble for mankind.
One soldier found a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft.
One thing I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition.
One thing about Jim, the other said to the bartender, he sure knows when to stop.
One thing about the past.
One thing is that, unlike any other Western democracy that I know of, this country has operated since its beginnings with a basic distrust of government.
One thing that it doesn't do is die.
One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that sometimes you must work under adverse conditions.
One thing we learn at Ulowell is how to flame useless hacking non-EE's like you.
One thing, at least it proves that you're alive!
One thought driven home is better than three left on base.
One thousand MicroVAXes.
One thousand monkeys.
One time in Kezar Stadium they gave me a standing boo.
One time one of his students tried to get more helpful information by asking if there was another way to solve the problem.
One to change it and one not to change it.
One to hold the giraffe and one to fill the bathtub with brightly colored power tools.
One toke over the line, sweet Mary, One toke over the line, Sittin' downtown in a railway station, One toke over the line.
One usually comes away from him with a good feeling.
One was named Edith; the other named Kate.
One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a new model.
One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
One who makes his host feel at home.
One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.
One whose business is to cut or trim hair or beards.
One whose program will not run.
One with real problems and imaginary profits.
One would like to stroke and caress human beings, but one dares not do so, because they bite.
One's lead, the rest bourbon.
One's pretty lively when ruined, said she.
One-Shot Case Study, n.
One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
One-third less calories than a regular year.
One: State a tautology, then ring the changes on its corollaries; that's philosophy.
Only Capone kills like that.
Only God can make random selections.
Only a brain-damaged operating system would support task switching and not make the simple next step of supporting multitasking.
Only a fool expects rational behavior from his fellow humans.
Only a fool fights in a burning house.
Only a fool has no doubts.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
Only a shilling to bury an attorney?
Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it.
Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.
Only atheists could accept this Satanic theory.
Only be sure to call it research.
Only fools are quoted.
Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse.
Only his body shop knows for sure.
Only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do his share in this defense are the constitutional rights secure.
Only if the computers really love each other.
Only in the holiday season.
Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.
Only it went on too long.
Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the editorial we.
Only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues, the pigmentation of their skin.
Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
Only runs on a next generation supercomputer.
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an elephant.
Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
Only the fittest survive.
Only the greatest overcome it.
Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
Only the names have been changed to protect the innocent.
Only then can we hope to restore the insult to its proper social function of expressing true distaste.
Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are busy about can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
Only through hard work and perseverance can one truly suffer.
Only two kinds of witnesses exist.
Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.
Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.
Only you would be so bold!
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
Onward through the fog.
Oooh, it's so erotic having you tell me how it should feel, But I'm avoiding all the hard cold facts that I got to face, So ask me just one question when this magic night is through, Could it have been just anyone or did it have to be you?
Ooohh, that's much better.
Oooo, I wish I were you.
Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
Open second quart as necessary.
Open the pod bay doors, HAL.
Operating-system software is the program that orchestrates all the basic functions of a computer.
Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.
Operators are standing by!
Operators are standing by.
Oppernockity tunes but once.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to talk to.
Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
Optimization hinders evolution.
Options wither the heart.
Or a matching pen and pencil, The other three hundred and sixty-four!
Or are we suffering in Safeway?
Or as finished as it seems in the end.
Or as little, to phrase it slightly more accurately.
Or at least in her vicinity, And caused her to feel an overwhelming, but not paralyzing, fear, Which motivated the patient to leave the area rather quickly.
Or better yet, not be in touch with it at all?
Or by misleading the innocent.
Or consider The Brothers Karamazov, by the famous Russian alcoholic Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
Or else his dear papa is poor.
Or go exploring the world.
Or if they're dead set on arresting someone, your job is to make sure it isn't you.
Or if we had a basic policy in our nation and other nations to always put things back where we found them and cleaned up our own messes.
Or just call in and say you're sick.
Or man, for that matter.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.
Or see them with the greater eye of Palomar, rushing all apart from some common starting point when they were perhaps all together.
Or something like that.
Or that we drive on parkways and park on driveways?
Or the bio bug'll getcha and bring the system down!
Or the rain will never come.
Or what's worse, what if only that fat guy in the third row exists?
Or will you change your major to biology?
Or you can have freedom.
Or you or I must yield up his life to Ahrimanes.
Or you'll be eight alive, apprentices were jocularly warned.
Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an utterly insignificant little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea.
Ordinary flavor, standard.
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds.
Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born to people you could not have possibly met.
Originally only came in an 8-oz.
Oscar Wilde stood handcuffed in driving rain waiting for transport to prison.
Other animals must fiercely struggle for their sustenance, like beavers, moles and ants.
Other operators include the California booleans, AX and NOWAY.
Other players were diving, screaming, signaling for a fair catch.
Other women cloy The appetites they feed, but she makes hungry Where most she satisfies.
Others are so fast, they don't notice you.
Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.
Others must use thier strong backs, legs and hands.
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
Otherwise it wouldn't end.
Otherwise people might not like you.
Otherwise you follow the Book, which is largely a collection of nitwit ideas that worked.
Otherwise, how can they use functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?
Otherwise, you'll never find anybody to take her off your hands.
Otis replied, Give up suffering.
Our Achievement Awards this year are in the fields of publishing, advertising and industry.
Our Coop Runneth Over.
Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name.
Our asymptotes no longer out of phase, We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
Our authority is Isaiah 30:26, Moreover, the light of the Moon shall be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun shall be sevenfold, as the light of seven days.
Our ball bearings are perfectly round.
Our business in life is not to succeed but to continue to fail in high spirits.
Our business is run on trust.
Our congratulations go to a Burlington Vermont civilian employee of the local Army National Guard base.
Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars, but the trouble is they charge fifteen cents for them.
Our documentation manager was showing her 2 year old son around the office.
Our energy would simply prevail.
Our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble.
Our father who art in heaven.
Our final award for courageous holding action in the field of industry goes to supervisor, R.
Our flair for style is balanced by a healthy respect for wind chill factors.
Our home is girt by sea.
Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.
Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
Our journey toward the stars has progressed swiftly.
Our journeys to the stars will be made on spaceships created by determined, hardworking scientists and engineers applying the principles of science, not aboard flying saucers piloted by little gray aliens from some other dimension.
Our little systems have their day; They have their day and cease to be; They are but broken lights of thee.
Our parents were never our age.
Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Our pride is that nevertheless, now and then, we do our best.
Our problems are mostly behind us.
Our problems are so serious that the best way to talk about them is lightheartedly.
Our products now are known in every zone.
Our reputation sparkles like a gem.
Our reruns are better than theirs.
Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
Our superior performance award in the field of advertising goes to media executive, E.
Our swords shall play the orators for us.
Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.
Our training course covers every programming language in existence, and some that aren't.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
Our utmost will improve it.
Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it.
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
Out of sight is out of mind.
Out of the crooked timber of humanity no straight thing can ever be made.
Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend.
Over at the microphone, about to sing, are Jim Morrison and Janis Joplin, and the bassist is the late Barry Oakley of the Allman Brothers.
Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Over the shoulder supervision is more a need of the manager than the programming task.
Over unsounded gorges, through the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly I rush!
Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two complementary directions: to reduce the number of software errors through rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining errors by providing for recovery from them.
Overcome by a wave of utter depression and self-doubt, he decided to take the only course of action that would bring him greater comfort and happiness: he drove to the mall and bought imported consumer electronics goods.
Overhaul is too expensive.
Overlay three different types of variable on the same memory location?
Oversimplify your explanations to the point of uselessness.
Overweight is when you step on your dog's tail and it dies.
Owe no man any thing.
Oxygen is a very toxic gas and an extreme fire hazard.
Oxygen is an extreme fire hazard.
Oxygen is especially dangerous because it is odorless, colorless and tasteless, so that its presence can not be readily detected until it is too late.
P may not have the desired effect on non-Linux systems, especially when done by a privileged user.
PDP a ni deppart m'I !
PDP-11 by Bell Laboratories.
PI can be given that value with a DATA statement and used instead of the longer form of the constant.
PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!
POSIX ales: Sweeter than lager, with the kick of a stout; the newer batches of a lot of beers seem to blend ale and stout or lager.
Pack the mixture into bag, allowing for swelling.
Pack your snakebite gook and your blowdart serum.
Pain is a thing of the mind.
Paint splashes last longer than the paint job.
Panic reigns in the hearts of all the patriots of every persuasion.
Papa said Don Carlos was afraid the ducks might run away, and since he didn't know how to build a cage he put them in holes.
Paper is always strongest at the perforations.
Papers never sensationalize or distort, so be sure to point out things like racism and sexism wherever they might exist.
Paradise is exactly like where you are right now.
Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.
Paralysis through analysis.
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you.
Paranoia is heightened awareness.
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
Paranoid Club meeting this Friday.
Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.
Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems.
Parboil and chop onions, mix all together with oatmeal, suet, salt, pepper and stock to moisten.
Pardon me Choy, is that the Shadow's nugate you chew?
Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway so I don't know why I bother to say it, oh God, I'm so depressed.
Pardon me while I laugh.
Pardon me, but do you know what it means to be TRULY ONE with your BOOTH!
Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they didn't have much of anything to do with it.
Parkinson's Law: Work expands to fill the time alloted it.
Parliament and Party.
Parsimony alone argues against invoking spirits, demons, or extraterrestrials when natural causes will suffice.
Parts not interchangeable with previous model.
Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.
Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
Pascal is not a high-level language.
Pascal run all set to go.
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.
Patch griefs with proverbs.
Pathetic, that's what it is.
Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
Patriarchs took to discussing abtruse theological problems with him, and each evening the children all gathered to hear the many stories with which he was programmed.
Patrick and see all those snakes again.
Patrick was a gentleman who through strategy and stealth drove all the snakes from Ireland.
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
Patties that were too rank even to be Seafood Lover's Patties would be compressed into wads and sold as Nuggets.
Paul Anthony failed to break the record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
Paul McCartney's old back-up band.
Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.
Paul read it, so ask him what it said.
Pause for storage relocation.
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
Peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Peace is much more precious than a piece of land.
Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley, but Canon's sleep is troubled.
Peanuts are not really nuts.
Pedestrians are not in cars, so they are totally irrelevant to driving; you should ignore them completely.
Pedro Guerrero was playing third base for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1984 when he made the comment that earns him a place in my Hall of Fame.
Penalty for private use.
Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices.
People acting under the influence of human nature.
People are SO inconsiderate.
People are always available for work in the past tense.
People are beginning to notice you.
People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.
People ask me where I live, and I say, E6.
People complained I was too noisy, he said.
People do not win people fights; lawyers do.
People don't change; they only become more so.
People don't do serious work on Unix systems; they send jokes around the world on USENET or write adventure games and research papers.
People enjoy reading their mail, take pleasure in being with their newsgroups, spend weekends working at their terminals, delight in the doings at the site.
People flock to the city's lakes to frolic and rejoice at the sight of so much happy humanity free from the bonds of the traditional down-filled parka.
People from the left often are very well-intended, but they never had time to take basic design classes, you know?
People humiliating a salami!
People in disguise speak freely.
People in general do not willingly read if they have anything else to amuse them.
People know this, and steer clear of me at parties.
People like driving round in the worst cars available, he said.
People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
People might not know the difference.
People need good lies.
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war, or before an election.
People of all sorts of genders are reporting great difficulty, these days, in selecting the proper words to refer to those of the female persuasion.
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the future.
People respond to people who respond.
People say I live in my own little fantasy world.
People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people have been left out on the pleasure.
People should have access to the data which you have about them.
People tend to change into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the window.
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
People that can't find something to live for always seem to find something to die for.
People think love is an emotion.
People think my friend George is weird because he wears sideburns.
People under 20 years of age total 75 million, which leaves 41 million to do the work.
People usually get what's coming to them.
People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get much better press than people who are just funny and smart.
People who are probably nowhere near as successful as he is now.
People who borrow your books and set wet glasses on them.
People who break the law are wise guys.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who develop the habit of thinking of themselves as world citizens are fulfilling the first requirement of sanity in our time.
People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them.
People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't what they want that they don't want it.
People who know you well, but like you anyway.
People who make no mistakes do not usually make anything.
People who push both buttons should get their wish.
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have cold baths.
People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they did yesterday.
People will pay to watch people make sounds.
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
People working in the private sector should try to save money.
Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.
Percival Pollard, the distinguished critic.
Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Perfection is acheived only on the point of collapse.
Perfection is finality.
Perfection is reached, not when there is no longer anything to add, but when there is no longer anything to take away.
Performance: A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.
Perhaps I am flogging a straw herring in mid-stream, but in the light of what is known about the ubiquity of security vulnerabilities, it seems vastly too dangerous for university folks to run with their heads in the sand.
Perhaps I should have found it pleasanter if I had been able to decipher it.
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.
Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions.
Perhaps it is merely that computers are young, programmers are younger, and the young are always optimists.
Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry without a certain unsoundness of mind.
Perhaps several of them.
Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.
Perhaps the biggest disappointments were the ones you expected anyway.
Perhaps the city fathers of Carthage could debate the issue, with Hitler and Alexander as judges?
Perhaps the hundreds of nitty frustrations drive away all but those who habitually focus on the end goal.
Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom.
Perhaps they're mislead.
Perhaps this modern sorcery especially attracts those who believe in happy endings and fairy godmothers.
Perhaps this will refresh that crude neural apparatus you call a memory!
Perhaps yours is watching television.
Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered.
Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves possess.
Periphrasis is the putting of things in a round-about way.
Permission was kindly granted, and now the real story can be told.
Persistence in one opinion has never been considered a merit in political leaders.
Person of liveliest interest to the outcumbents.
Personally I'd love to do it, we'd ALL love to do it.
Personally, I think my choice in the mostest-superlative-computer wars has to be the HP-48 series of calculators.
Personifiers of the world, unite!
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot.
Peter Rowlands of Lancaster whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.
Peterson, Jack Frost nipping at your nose?
Peterson, can I pour you a beer?
Peterson, there's a cold one waiting for you.
Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Peterson, what's the story?
Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
Phasers locked on target, Captain.
Philadelphia a puppy is vomiting.
Philadelphia after all; anyway, about 16 oz.
Philbin is said to make up for no talent by cheating well.
Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.
Philosophers think they're gods.
Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
Philosophy: A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing.
Phone call for chucky-pooh.
Phosphors light on you!
Photographing a volcano is just about the most miserable thing you can do.
Physical chemists think they're physicists.
Physically there is nothing to distinguish human society from the farm-yard except that children are more troublesome and costly than chickens and women are not so completely enslaved as farm stock.
Physician: One upon whom we set our hopes when ill and our dogs when well.
Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion.
Physicists think they're theoretical physicists.
Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Pick all groups where anybody might even be slightly interested.
Pick another fortune cookie.
Pick as many as you can, so that you get the widest audience.
Pick up the paper, read the obits.
Pickard, spokesperson for the Massachusetts Department of Public Works, calls them ground-mounted confirmatory route markers.
Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream, I wonder how the old folks are tonight, Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face, She left me not knowing what to do.
Picture the sun as the origin of two intersecting 6-dimensional hyperplanes from which we can deduce a certain transformational sequence which gives us the terminal velocity of a rubber duck.
Piece of cake, Master?
Pilfering Treasury property is paticularly dangerous: big thieves are ruthless in punishing little thieves.
Pilots are just plane folks.
Pinned me to the ground, it did.
Piper, pipe that song again; So I piped: he wept to hear.
Piping down the valleys wild, Piping songs of pleasant glee, On a cloud I saw a child, And he laughing said to me: Pipe a song about a Lamb!
Pity I don't have any more bullets, thought Frito.
Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
Pity, said Arthur with sympathy.
Pizza always burns the roof of your mouth.
Place pronouns as close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more words, to their antecedents.
Plagiarize, plagiarize, Let no man's work evade your eyes, Remember why the good Lord made your eyes, Don't shade your eyes, But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Plan to throw one away.
Planet Claire has pink hair.
Plato, by the way, wanted to banish all poets from his proposed Utopia because they were liars.
Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill them.
Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
Play this one by the book.
Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic table.
Playing cards have the top half upside-down to help cheaters.
Please be so kindly and close the window.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the back of VMI monitors.
Please check the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.
Please come home with me.
Please don't put a strain on our friendship by asking me to do something for you.
Please excuse me, sir, I'm blind and I bumped into you accidentally, apologized the rabbit.
Please explain, Dave.
Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle, I sometimes forget which side I'm on.
Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.
Please ignore previous fortune.
Please keep your hands off the secretary's reproducing equipment.
Please leave your name and message after the beep.
Please leave your name and number.
Please modify your programs accordingly.
Please remain calm, it's no use both of us being hysterical at the same time.
Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
Please see Big Brother.
Please send me two tickets for the next night, if there is one.
Please try to limit the amount of this room doesn't have any bazingas until you are told that those rooms are punched out.
Please update your programs.
Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.
Please, don't drink and derive.
Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?
Plenty of smokeouts, fry-em-ups, and general butter-melting by all.
Plots are like girdles.
Pluck a rose in name of love, And watch the petals curl and wilt.
Plumbing is one of the easier of do-it-yourself activities, requiring only a few simple tools and a willingness to stick your arm into a clogged toilet.
Plumbing the depths of human incompetence.
Plural is plural now no more, And sweet what bitter was before.
Poems are made by fools, I fear But only Schlitz can make a beer.
Pointers and NULLs reference each other.
Poland has gun control.
Police suspect the work of a cereal killer!
Police up your spare rounds and frags.
Policeman police and undertakers take under.
Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to teach children.
Political speeches are like steer horns.
Politician: An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of organized society is reared.
Politicians are the same all over.
Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.
Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have been, and never will be wrong.
Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and without greatness.
Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
Politics is not the art of the possible.
Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next month and next year.
Politics makes strange bedfellows, and journalism makes strange politics.
Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the systematic organisation of hatreds.
Politics, like religion, hold up the torches of matrydom to the reformers of error.
Politics: A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
Pollute the Mississippi.
Polymer physicists are into chains.
Pooh nodded thoughtfully.
Poor fellow, he's left MIT and gone into the real world.
Poor old Willow-man, you tuck your roots away!
Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
Poor poor pitiful me.
Poor popularizations of science establish an ecological niche for pseudoscience.
Pope took his advice, called on Lord Halifax and read the poem exactly as it was before.
Pope was rendered speechless, as this fine critic suggested sizeable and unwise emendations to his latest masterpiece.
Pope, but there is something in that passage that does not quite please me.
Pope, the leading poet of his day, was greatly surprised when Lord Halifax stopped him four or five times and said, I beg your pardon, Mr.
Popular for proofs of the existence of God.
Porsche: there simply is no substitute.
Positive expectations yield negative results.
Possessing the ability to have friends of both sexes.
Possession of anything new or expensive only reflected a person's lack of theology and geometry; it could even cast doubts upon one's soul.
Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage.
Possibly the horror that Zaphod experienced at the prospect of being reunited with his deceased relatives led on to the thought that they might just feel the same way about him and, what's more, be able to do something about helping to postpone this reunion.
Possibly; but they invariably want it back in such very small change.
Post Office with tanks.
Post proelium, praemium.
Post your response to the whole net.
Postage will be paid by addressee.
Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.
Postjudice is not terrible.
Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.
Potholes destroy unpatriotic, unamerican, imported cars, since the holes are larger than the cars.
Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.
Pour hot mixture into a flat pan.
Pour in fruit to desired taste, and to absorb any excess alcohol.
Pour into a graham cracker crust.
Pour my black old coffee longer, While that smell is gettin' stronger A semi-meal ain't nuthin' much to want.
Pour one cup of rum into a glass and drink it as fast as you can.
Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.
Poverty begins at home.
Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many poor people.
Power is the finest token of affection.
Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.
Power tends to corrupt, absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Power tools for Power Fools.
Power tools for power losers.
Power, like a desolating pestilence, Pollutes whate'er it touches.
Practical people would be more practical if they would take a little more time for dreaming.
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
Practically perfect people never permit sentiment to muddle their thinking.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
Practice not-looping, and everything will fall into place.
Practice yourself what you preach.
Practitioners must take into account the peculiar effects of these substances, namely their ability to influence our consciousness, the innermost essence of our being.
Pragmatists suffer it.
Praise the sea; on shore remain.
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
Pray what is the reason of that?
Pray, great master, implored the novice, how does one find this mysterious setting?
Pray, how did you manage to do it?
Pray: To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
Predestination was doomed from the start.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
Prejudice is making a judgment before you have looked at the facts.
Prejudice is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious mistakes.
Prejudice: A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
Prentice Hall Software Series.
Prepare three envelopes.
Prepare to be assimilated.
Presently, they met Firmware, who was dressed in tattered rags, and hobbled along propped on a thorny stick.
Presidency: The greased pig in the field game of American politics.
President Johnson says a war isn't really a war without my jokes.
President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
Presumably because it has 8 points sticking out.
Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme Your friends to death before their time.
Pretty smart on my part!
Pretty soon we were back in bed by 6:30.
Price Wang said, Would that all of my programmers were as wise!
Price Wang's programmer was coding software.
Price adjustments at 11:00.
Price does not include taxes, dealer prep, or delivery.
Price exclaimed, Your technique is faultless!
Primarily because nobody understood Chinese.
Primarily responsible are seniors Izzy Shylock Bloomberg and Myron Finklestein, the tightest ends in recent Eli history.
Primarily women wish attention and affection.
Prince Lir demanded wildly.
Princess phone, 962-7873?
