Two heads are more numerous than one.
Two hundred years ago today, Irma Chine of White Plains, New York, was performing her normal housekeeping routines.
Two in the front, two in the back.
Two is company, three is an orgy.
Two is not equal to three, even for large values of two.
Two is, What train do I take to get to Bloomingdale's?
Two men are in a hot-air balloon.
Two men came before Nasrudin when he was magistrate.
Two men were sitting over coffee, contemplating the nature of things, with all due respect for their breakfast.
Two parent drops spent months teaching their son how to be part of the ocean.
Two peanuts were walking through the New York.
Two percent of zero is almost nothing.
Two ply toilet paper!
Two points of view: 'Christian' rock and roll.
Two seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user- friendly features of Unix.
Two sure ways to tell a REALLY sexy man; the first is, he has a bad memory.
Two things are certain about science.
Two wrights don't make a rong, they make an airplane.
Two wrongs are only the beginning.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Two, but there are ways around it, depending on the style of the hors d'oeuvre.
Two-timing must be better than perfect.
Type System J to get to a JCL interactive read-execute-diagnose loop window.
Types by sense of smell, What makes him so good?
U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and V is for vi, which is hard to abort.
UFOs are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
UNIX Relational Database Management: Application Development in the UNIX Environment by Rod Manis, Evan Schaffer, and Robert Jorgensen.
UNIX Trix For those of you in the reseller business, here is a helpful tip that will save your support staff a few hours of precious time.
UNIX enhancements aren't.
UNIX is a simple language, easy to understand, easy to get started with.
UNIX is many things to many people, but it's never been everything to anybody.
UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things.
UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better - it's not.
USE LINUX, THE FREE UNIX SYSTEM FOR THE 386.
USENET would be a better laboratory is there were more labor and less oratory.
Ubi non accusator, ibi non judex.
UdX, e dX, cosine, secant, tangent, sine, 3.
Uh, that still ain't right.
Ummm, scratch one of the kids and add a dog.
Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was escaping from its cage.
Uncertain fortune is thoroughly mastered by the equity of the calculation.
Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging performance.
Uncompensated overtime?
Uncontrolled power will turn even saints into savages.
Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison.
Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some ordinance under which you can be booked.
Under capitalism, man exploits man.
Under communism, it's just the opposite.
Under deadline pressure for the next week.
Under every stone lurks a politician.
Under no circumstances can the food be omitted.
Under the arc of the sky they are unsafe.
Under the rules of evidence as they now exist in this country, no single assertion in the Bible has in its support any evidence admissible in a court of law.
Under the skysigns they who have no arms Have cleanest hands, and, as the heartless ghost Alone's unhurt, so the blind man sees best.
Under the wide and heavy VAX Dig my grave and let me relax Long have I lived, and many my hacks And I lay me down with a will.
Under the wide and starry sky, Dig my grave and let me lie, Glad did I live and gladly die, And laid me down with a will, And this be the verse that you grave for me, Here he lies where he longed to be, Home is the sailor home from the sea, And the hunter home from the hill.
Understanding is always the understanding of a smaller problem in relation to a bigger problem.
Unfortunately few programmers could survive there because the center outlawed Pizza and Coca-Cola in favor of Tofu and Perrier.
Unfortunately the sum of one shilling and ninepence remains unaccounted for in one infantry battalion's petty cash and there has been a hideous confusion as the the number of jars of raspberry jam issued to one cavalry regiment during a sandstorm in western Spain.
Unfortunately, falling out of love seems to be just as involuntary as falling into it.
Unfortunately, it often turns out to be the wedding march.
Unfortunately, it's a lower case l.
Unfortunately, most programmers like to play with new toys.
Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade through many pages of extraneous material in order to discover and savour those sidelights on the management of a midland shooting estate, and in this reviewer's opinion the book cannot take the place of J.
Unfortunately, one of them is struck by a truck and killed.
Unfortunately, the service captain didn't realize that the Stiggs situation involved fifty roses.
Unfortunately, these are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a good idea to check with your doctor.
Unfortunately, we were married for four and a half years.
Uniformed men stood by impassively like sentries in their trench.
Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Uniquely, all editing under MAFIA is performed centrally, using a powerful rubout feature capable of erasing files, filors, filees, and entire nodal aggravations.
United Nations, New York, December 25.
United States are of some of Roosevelt's policies.
Universes of virtually unlimited complexity can be created in the form of computer programs.
Universities are places of knowledge.
University administrator.
University of Chicago, at Millikan's suggestion worked on the measurement of electronic charge for his doctoral thesis, and co-authored some of the early papers on this subject with Millikan.
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
Unix Beer: Comes in several different brands, in cans ranging from 8 oz.
Unix Express: All passenger bring a piece of the aeroplane and a box of tools with them to the airport.
Unix is a glorified video game.
Unix is the worst operating system; except for all others.
Unix to him who evil thinks?
Unix was written on our machines and for our machines many years ago.
Unix will self-destruct in five seconds.
Unix-to-Unix Copy Program; said PDP-1.
Unix: Some say the learning curve is steep, but you only have to climb it once.
Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.
Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic.
Unless she's really attractive.
Unless there are three other people.
Unless you already have a moron.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
Unless you're the lead mule, all the scenery looks about the same.
Unless, of course, the Astro-Zombies have destroyed it.
Unlike comics, which are part of a newspaper's harmless pleasure and make no truth claims, astrology is a fraud.
Unlike human beings, who enjoy them.
Unlike most automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver.
Unlike most garbage collectors, the new gc starts its mark phase from the mind of the user, rather than from the obarray.
Unlike most lagers, this one has to be drunk more slowly than stout.
Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
Unquestionably, there is progress.
Unseen University had never admitted women, muttering something about problems with the plumbing, but the real reason was an unspoken dread that if women were allowed to mess around with magic they would probably be embarrassingly good at it.
Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
Until he died, and so reached that vicinity: in it he found that the damned things diverged.
Up against the net, redneck mother, Mother who has raised your son so well; He's seventeen and hackin' on a Macintosh, Flaming spelling errors and raisin' hell.
Up came Tom with his big boots on.
Up from out of under there.
Up to a point, Lord Copper.
Up, down, near or far, here, there or yonder?
Up, up along delirious, burning blue I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace, Where never lark, or even eagle flew; And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod The high untrespassed sanctity of space, Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
Up-to-date, new-fangled, as in Thoroughly Modem Millie.
Upon entering, the British blatantly violated every conceivable convention, and, though they went through the house virtually bit by bit, their search was fruitless.
Upon hearing this, absolutely nobody was enlightened.
Upon our arrival we immediately set up a rigorous schedule: Up at 6:00, breakfast, and back in bed by 7:00.
Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the party of the first part shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part in a manner consistent with all relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes.
Upon receiving the answer 70, Einstein smiled and replied, Got a minute to tell me about VMS 4.
Upon some stars bestowed her name.
Upon the hearth the fire is red, Beneath the roof there is a bed; But not yet weary are our feet, Still round the corner we may meet A sudden tree or standing stone That none have seen but we alone.
Usage note: this term is no longer in common use.
Use a pun, go to jail.
Use a sunlamp only on weekends.
Use all capital letters.
Use it only if you really have a deep-seated desire to be fussy, or if you are of Swedish extraction.
Use it to calculate forces, velocities, displacements, and virtually any vector components.
Use only as directed.
Use only in well-ventilated area.
Use tape, magnets, or glue instead of paperweights.
Use the semicolon properly, always use it where it is appropriate; and never where it isn't.
Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
Used pejoratively by those not in residence there.
Used staples are good with SOY SAUCE!
User programs, striking from a hidden directory, have won their first victory against the evil Administrative Empire.
Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
Using a bulldozer abandoned by the Air Force, he spent two years and great effort pushing boulders into a single word.
Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.
Usually abbreviated to FROB.
Usually manages to put on socks before shoes.
Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
Utilizing all your skills, you'll either get your man or you'll get burned!
Uzbeks by the hand; and they all go and beat up the Jews.
VALGOL is also characterized by its unfriendly error messages.
VCR look as technologically advanced as toenail dirt.
VI: A hungry dog hunts best.
VMS Beer: Requires minimal user interaction, except for popping the top and sipping.
VMS is like a nightmare about RXS-11M.
VMS is that it's all there.
VMS operating system in IBM 1710 machine code.
Valentine's Day Massacre.
Valerie: Aww, Tom, you're going maudlin on me.
Vanish in the sunlight!
Variables don't; constants aren't.
Variables won't; constants aren't.
Vast plains covered by treeless forests.
Vegetables are what food eats.
Velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
Veloz is indistinguishable from hundreds of other electronics businesses in the Valley, run by eager young engineers poring over memory dumps late into the night.
Vending machines don't sell quiche.
Verba volant, scripta manent!
Verbs has got to agree with their subjects.
Verbs have to agree with their subjects.
Verily and forsooth, replied Goodgulf darkly.
Verily, the learned men are the heirs of the Prophets.
Vermouth always makes me brilliant unless it makes me idiotic.
Very charming, of course, but not much good in a fight.
Very earnestly, the Undergraduate replied I see a cursor.
Very few modern women either like or desire marriage, especially after the ceremony has been performed.
Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five.
Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
Very few things actually get manufactured these days, because in an infinitely large Universe, such as the one in which we live, most things one could possibly imagine, and a lot of things one would rather not, grow somewhere.
Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen at all.
Very good of you to spot this.
Very little air will leak over the edges.
Very little happens on Usenet without some sort of response from some other reader.
Very well, if I have told a lie, then hang me!
Very, very messy business.
Vestal virgins aren't all that bad.
Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.
Vigorous societies harbor a certain extravagance of objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of personal gratifications.
Vila: I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life.
Violators will be prosecuted.
Violence accomplishes nothing.
Violence in reality is quite different from theory.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Violence stinks, no matter which end of it you're on.
Virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the yard.
Virtual means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
Virtue is a relative term.
Virtue is its own punishment.
Virtue is not left to stand alone.
Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
Visit beautiful Wisconsin Dells.
Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.
Vogons may read you bad poetry, but bogons make you study obsolete RFCs.
Void where prohibited.
Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim And earthquakes only terrify the dolts, And to him who's scientific There is nothing that's terrific In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
Von Neumann looked blank for a moment, thought, and then answered, Yes.
Von Neumann was the subject of many dotty professor stories.
Voodoo Programming: Things programmers do that they know shouldn't work but they try anyway, and which sometimes actually work, such as recompiling everything.
Vulcans believe peace should not depend on force.
Vulcans do not approve of violence.
W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while X is, well, X, of dubious fame.
WE ARE GOING TO EAT YOU!
WHEN THE CATS ARE HUNGRY.
WHO sees a BEACH BUNNY sobbing on a SHAG RUG?
Wad some power the giftie gie us To see oursels as others see us.
Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
Wait a minute, he says, I'll go check.
Wait a minute, what about people who separate people into two groups?
Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
Wait till your father gets home.
Wait'll Mom hears about this.
Waitin' for the train that goes home, Hopin' that the train is on time, Sittin' downtown in a railway station, One toke over the line.
Waiting alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.
Wake and hear me calling!
Wake now my merry lads!
Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call, Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all.
Wake up and smell the coffee.
Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime.
Walk softly and carry a BFG-9000.
Walk softly and carry a big stick.
Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
Walk with a light step.
Walking on water wasn't built in a day.
Wall Street insiders, however, tell quite a different story.
Wanderers in the shadowed land despair not!
Wanna tell you all a story 'bout a man named Jed, A poor mountaineer, barely kept his family fed.
Wanting to help, the Hacker clicked one of the nodes in the network with the mouse, and asked what do you see?
War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.
War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
War is an equal opportunity destroyer.
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
War is like love, it always finds a way.
War is much too serious a matter to be entrusted to the military.
War is never imperative.
War isn't a good life, but it's life.
War spares not the brave, but the cowardly.
Warm cookies and cold milk are good for you.
Warm now be heart and limb!
Warn your friends about it.
Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking up.
Warnings arise and he lets them come; processes are swapped and he lets them go.
Was he to leave the world upon the shelf?
Was it true, the woman inquired, that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest of her life?
Was made the recipient of is a periphrasis for Was presented with.
Was my SOY LOAF left out in th'RAIN?
Was never a project of mine.
Was she not fruitful?
Was she your daughter on February 13, 1979?
Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles In children's circuses could stay their troubles?
Was there ever such blasphemous nonsense!
Wash pluck, then boil for 2 hours with windpipe draining over the side of pot.
Wash the windows once a week.
Wash your hands before you eat.
Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Washington and make it there.
Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
Wasting time is an important part of living.
Watch all-night Donna Reed reruns until your mind resembles oatmeal.
Watch for it everywhere.
Watch lights fade from every room.
Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
Watching TV becomes a full-time job when you can scan 200 channels all day and all night and still have the option of punching Night Dreams into the video machine, if the rest of the world seems dull.
Watching a bus-load of lawyers plunge off a cliff.
Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff.
Water Hot is a noble thing!
Water Hot that smokes and steams.
Water cold we may pour at need down a thirsty throat and be glad indeed; but better is Beer, if drink we lack, and Water Hot poured down the back.
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
Watkins had this to say: Ten short days ago all I could look forward to was a dead-end job as a engineer.
Watson means A courage none can stem And we feel honored to be here to toast the IBM.
Wavefront's latest box, or the people who programmed it?
Waving away a cloud of smoke, I look up, and am blinded by a bright, white light.
We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds if we felt like it.
We Americans, we're a simple people.
We ain't supposed to have any neighbors, and I just had to shoot one.
We all agree on the necessity of compromise.
We all declare for liberty, but in using the same word we do not all mean the same thing.
We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.
We all know Linux is great.
We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.
We all live in a state of ambitious poverty.
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
We all need somebody to talk to.
We are Pentium of Borg.
We are all afraid of something, or feel limited in something.
We are all agreed that your theory is crazy.
We are all born charming, fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized before we are fit to participate in society.
We are all born equal.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
We are as gods, but know it not.
We are both rather prone to mistakes.
We are constituted not for efficient operation of government, but for minimizing the possibility of abuse of power.
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
We are each entitled to our own opinion, but no one is entitled to his own facts.
We are fond of parties.
We are messing here with matters of deference, condescension, respect, bigotry, and two vague concepts, age and rank.
We are no longer allowing this practice.
We are not a loved organization, but we are a respected one.
We are not dedicated to pure logic and the sterility of non-emotion.
We are not endeavoring to chain the future but to free the present.
We are not loved by our friends for what we are; rather, we are loved in spite of what we are.
We are not the center of the universe, and it doesn't care.
We are now enjoying total mutual interaction in an imaginary hot tub.
We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem.
We are preparing to think about contemplating preliminary work on plans to develop a schedule for producing the 10th Edition of the Unix Programmers Manual.
We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same.
We are stronger than our skin of flesh and metal, for we carry and share a spectrum of suns and lands that lends us legends as we craft our immortality and interweave our destinies of water and air, leaving shadows that gather color of their own, until they outshine the substance that cast them.
We are the advocates of inquiry, investigation, and thought.
We are the people our parents warned us about.
We are using Linux daily to UP our productivity - so UP yours!
We are what we pretend to be.
We aren't going to call again!
We at the LDP feel that we wouldn't be able to produce anything at all, that all our work would be futile, if it weren't for the SAG,'' says Matt Welsh, director of LDP, Inc.
We boast more theater per capita than the Big Apple.
We both need to do something monstrous before we die.
We bought a lot of untested computer chips, the General answered.
We call it a two-by-four.
We call multi-megaton bombs Peace-keepers, closet size apartments efficient and incomprehensible artworks innovative.
We can admit that we're killers.
We can call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices to the end of the canyon.
We can defeat gravity.
We can embody the truth, but we cannot know it.
We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.
We can predict everything, except the future.
We can spin it on its axis for gravity.
We can't have people go on believing that!
We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
We cannot complete your call as dialed.
We cannot disregard that philosophy merely for personal gain, no matter how important that gain might be.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
We cannot embalm him as do the Egyptians.
We cannot fathom their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
We cannot put off living until we are ready.
We certainly never succeeded.
We changed Coke again!
We choose, ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what.
We come to bury DOS, not to praise it.
We could either party later or, like, start his heart.
We could make a lot of money and retire and enjoy life.
We could never understand why Mexico wasn't just crazy about us; for we have always had their good will, and oil and minerals, at heart.
We decided it was night again, so we camped for twenty minutes and drank another six beers at a Young Life campsite.
We declare the names of all variables and functions.
We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
We did not act in haste.
We didn't really want to include any disclaimer at all, but our lawyers insisted.
We do not teach how to think.
We don't NEED Dan Rather.
We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
We don't care how they do it in New York.
We don't fear it as you do.
We don't have any simulators.
We don't know one millionth of one percent about anything.
We don't know who it was that discovered water, but we're pretty sure that it wasn't a fish.
We don't like their sound.
We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
We don't need no stinking badges.
We don't need no stinking card readers.
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
We don't serve strings here.
We don't smoke and we don't chew, and we don't go with girls that do.
We ducked down by the vines, heaving tomatoes at each other.
We elect a six-pack of presidents.
We expect annual savings to be in the billions.
We fight only when there is no other choice.
We gave you an atomic bomb, what do you want, mermaids?
We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
We give them money, But heaven knows we try.
We go even when we must shovel ten inches of snow from the driveway to get there.
We go to see, not to be seen.
We got a genuine Indian guru, that's teachin' us a better way.
We got a lot of little, teen-aged, blue-eyed groupies, Who'll do anything we say.
We got a problem down on Earth.
We got all the friends that money can buy, So we never have to be alone.
We got into his car and drove out to his shack in the desert.
We got your renewal before the extended deadline but not your check.
We gotta get out of this place, If it's the last thing we ever do.
We had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?
We had one cassette tape to listen to on the entire trip.
We hate that expression!
We have art that we do not die of the truth.
We have been unable to escape the philosophical tradition that what we can see and measure in the world is merely the superficial and imperfect representation of an underlying reality.
We have ears, earther.
We have emotional moving vans.
We have enumerated our saddles, bridles, tents and tent poles, and all manner of sundry items for which His Majesty's Government holds me accountable.
We have found all life forms in the galaxy are capable of superior development.
We have good UNIX on VAX and good UNIX on PDP-11s.
We have heard that you are enlightened.
We have known the stolid but steady Killebrew.
We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent than from the machinations of the wicked.
We have not inherited the earth from our parents, we've borrowed it from our children.
We have nothing to fear; except perhaps that the sky may fall on our heads tomorrow.
We have nowhere else to go.
We have only two things to worry about: That things will never get back to normal, and that they already have.
We have phasers, I vote we blast 'em!
We have reason to be afraid.
We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.
We have some absolutely irrefutable statistics to show exactly why you are so tired.
We have that excellent native word lies.
We have the right to survive!
We have, then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C.
We haven't been able to catch one yet.
We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
We hired you as you are, and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we bargained for.
We hope this clears up the many questions we've had about it.
We hoped he'd go as far as possible.
We interrupt this fortune for an important announcement.
We invented a new protocol and called it Kermit, after Kermit the Frog, star of The Muppet Show.
We is confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
We just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise.
We just can't get enough.
We just joined the civil hair patrol!
We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster.
We know his name and he mustn't get away.
We know next to nothing about virtually everything.
We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around pirating copies of Interactive Easyflow; this is just as well with us since we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of making anything out of all the hard work.
We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support the elephant, a huge tortoise.
We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
We learn from history that we learn nothing from history.
We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves.
We live, in a very kooky time.
We made it, stretching a point or two.
We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call free enterprise, said Cash McCall, but when one of our citizens show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself.
We make each bed three mouses and a half long, and two mouses wide.
We may be able to dig deeper holes, but unless we know how to build taller ladders, we had best hope that it does not rain much.
We may hope that machines will eventually compete with men in all purely intellectual fields.
We may not like doctors, but at least they doctor.
We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect their good judgement.
We mentioned before about the stars singing, and that's one of the effects of the shifting of colors.
We might even, if we thought this way, have less crime.
We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they, and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
We must believe that it is the darkest before the dawn of a beautiful new world.
We must call a copper.
We must die because we have known them.
We must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence.
We must keep a reference count of the pointers to each cons.
We must not fail to comprehend its grave implications.
We must provide a Great Age or see the collapse of the upward striving of the human race.
We must report that during the handling of your twelve 35mm Kodachrome slide orders, the films were involved in an unusual laboratory experience.
We need to find out where we are.
We need to find some new terms to describe the rest of us mere mortals then.
We never do work when we're ruined, said she.
We never make assertions, Miss Taggart, said Hugh Akston.
We never recommend any of our graduates, although we cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed their courses.
We no like to with the gringo fight, But there might be a death in Mexico tonite.
We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
We only found out about the escape at 6:30 the next morning when one of the prisoners told us, a warder said later.
We own what we learned back there.
We place two copies of PEOPLE magazine in a DARK, HUMID mobile home.
We pray for one last landing On the globe that gave us birth; Let us rest our eyes on the fleecy skies And the cool, green hills of Earth.
We prefer the ways of peaceful contact.
We prefer to believe that the absence of inverted commas guarantees the originality of a thought, whereas it may be merely that the utterer has forgotten its source.
We prefer to speak evil of ourselves rather than not speak of ourselves at all.
We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
We promise to relieve you of the burden of your great potential.
We ran all the way to the far shore, and if we had been in a Warner Brothers cartoon we would have run right INTO the beach, and you would have seen these two mounds of sand racing across the island until they bonked into trees and coconuts fell onto their heads.
We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who, content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
We read to say that we have read.
We really don't have any enemies.
We really want mercy: You see, 'tis the justice, disgusts us.
We reserve the right to do the absolute minimum provided by law, up to and including nothing.
We resolve and absolve; But we never dissolve, Since it's out of the question for us To bring our committee To end like this ditty, Which stops with a period, thus.
We revise the agenda And reiterate all of our thoughts.
We ride before the break of day!
We scientists, whose tragic destiny it has been to make the methods of annihilation ever more gruesome and more effective, must consider it our solemn and transcendent duty to do all in our power in preventing these weapons from being used for the brutal purpose for which they were invented.
We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
We seem to have changed our position in space.
We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
We shall bury him in it.
We shall have to shift from the materialistic, dualistic belief that people and their environment are separate, toward a new conciousness of an all-encompassing reality, which embraces the experiencing ego, a reality in which people feel their oneness with animate nature and all of creation.
We shall reach greater and greater platitudes of achievement.
We shipped it before and can do it again.
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it - and stay there, lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove-lid.
We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.
We should be reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch.
We should have a Vollyballocracy.
We should have a great many fewer disputes in the world if only words were taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things themselves.
We should realize that a city is better off with bad laws, so long as they remain fixed, then with good laws that are constantly being altered, that the lack of learning combined with sound common sense is more helpful than the kind of cleverness that gets out of hand, and that as a general rule, Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
We sing about beauty, and we sing about truth, At ten thousand dollars a show.
We sing from the diaphragm a lot.
We slip away as we always will, you pathetic creatures.
We slip away from all your armed might, laughing at your clumsiness!
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a pet coon.
We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back to one.
We switched on the driving.
We take all kind of pills to give us all kind of thrills, But the thrill we've never known, Is the thrill that'll get'cha, when you get your picture, On the cover of the Rolling Stone.
We talked about it for a long time.
We thank you for your unkind attention, And would now like to present our next act: The Four Corners of the Round Table.
We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We their sons are more worthless than they: so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.
We thrive on euphemism.
We took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed.
We took what we had and we ripped it apart, Now here I am down in Kingstown again.
We totally deny the allegations, and we're trying to identify the allegators.
We tried to close Ohio's borders and ran into a Constitutional problem.
We tried to ignore them but they threatened us with the attack shark at which point we relented.
We trust you will pay in advance.
We use Linux for all our mission-critical applications.
We want to create puppets that pull their own strings.
We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
We was playin' the Homestead Grays in the city of Pitchburgh.
We were 15 days on the water, and 3 on the boat when we finally arrived in Africa.
We were both holding bottles of juice.
We were experienced waders, and we kept our heads.
We were happily married for eight months.
We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.
We were so poor we couldn't afford a watchdog.
We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength.
We who revel in nature's diversity and feel instructed by every animal tend to brand Homo sapiens as the greatest catastrophe since the Cretaceous extinction.
We will also briefly discuss our recent efforts to apply wisdom engineering to oil exploration.
We will civilize and alter ourselves to suit our ideas of what we can be.
We will dump no core before its time.
We will see it when we believe it.
We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable functions.
We wish to discourage any thoughts that you may not need all of whatever you have, and you should not consider having anything removed.
We wish you a Hare Krishna We wish you a Hare Krishna We wish you a Hare Krishna And a Sun Myung Moon!
We won't need reservations.
We wouldn't even need to roof it over.
We wrote the book on core dumps.
We'd eat some stuff or not and then I think we went home.
We'd run the thing through PRL.
We'll be happy to see your money again next year.
We'll be recording at the Paradise Friday night.
We'll be waiting for you!
We'll bury them today.
We'll cross that bridge when we come back to it later.
We'll document it in the manual.
We'll find you another game, sir.
We'll fix it in software.
We'll get back to Evelyn in one minute.
We'll have to print your files on It takes nine hundred K.
We'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it.
We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr.
We'll save Australia.
We'll send you another pack if it fails.
We'll set everybody free!
We'll teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too.
We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens, we feel a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail.
We're about to set a new record.
We're adders, and we need logs to multiply.
We're all disenchanted.
We're all in this alone.
We're all looking for a woman who can sit in a mini-skirt and talk philosophy, executing both with confidence and style.
We're all sorry for the other guy when he loses his job to a machine.
We're back in the universe again.
We're beaming down to the planet, sir.
We're big but bigger we will be, We can't fail for all can see, that to serve humanity Has been our aim.
We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products.
We're dealing with beliefs that go back to the ancient Babylonians.
We're fantastically incredibly sorry for all these extremely unreasonable things we did.
We're fighting against humanism, we're fighting against liberalism.
We're going to a new disco!
We're going to eat your food, knock down your tent and poop on your shoes.
We're going to watch you day and night.
We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
We're here to cheer each pioneer and also proudly boast, Of that man of men our sterling president The name of T.
We're here to give you a computer, not a religion.
We're human beings with the blood of a million savage years on our hands!
We're isolates, Arnold.
We're living in a golden age.
We're moving to Hollywood.
We're no longer interested in finding out the truth.
We're not talking about the same thing, he said.
We're offering a substantial reward.
We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
We're only in it for the volume.
We're protected by federal law, just like Richard Nixon.
We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.
We're scared, Mother!
We're so glad you could attend, come inside, come inside!
We're the Phone Company.
We're way short of our sales goals for fiscal 2010.
We're working on something else.
We're, all of us, looking for the key.
We've GOT to make noises in greater amounts!
We've been getting complaints about this party.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little, that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.
We've finally got you talking jargon too!
We've fought our way thru And new fields we're sure to conquer, too For the Ever Onward IBM!
We've found a bug in Lisp, and Algol Until the first of May.
We've got a problem, HAL.
We've got to find a way off this planet.
We've had quite enough of you bellowing bungle!
We've learned to tie into every organ in the human body but one.
We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away.
We've tried each spinning space mote And reckoned its true worth: Take us back again to the homes of men On the cool, green hills of Earth.
Wear Glasses If You Need 'Em.
Wear me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong as death, passion cruel as the grave; it blazes up like blazing fire, fiercer than any flame.
Wear your best clothes, if you don't have any, And please stay at home if you can possibly be there.
Wearing a blindfold often makes many diet foods more palatable.
Wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise.
Wedding rings are the world's smallest handcuffs.
Weekend, where are you?
Weekends were made for programming.
Weinberg, as a young grocery clerk, advised the grocery manager to get rid of rutabagas which nobody every bought.
Weiner was, in fact, very absent minded.
Weird masks and actors' clothes hung on the wall, and if he stepped across the sill and reached for them, he knew that he was committing himself to destruction.
Welcome back for you 13th consecutive week, Evelyn.
Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends!
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the men are strong, the women are pretty, and the children are above-average.
Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?
Well I don't see why I have to make one man miserable when I can make so many men happy.
Well I looked at my watch and it said a quarter to five, The headline screamed that I was still alive, I couldn't understand it, I thought I died last night.
Well actually, he was asked to leave.
Well begun is half done.
Well hello there Charlie Brown, you blockhead.
Well nothing that's forced can ever be right, If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
Well nothing that's real is ever for free And you just have to pay for it sometime.
Well thaaaaaaat's okay.
Well the diagnostics say it's fine buddy, so it's a software problem.
Well the next thing ya know, old Jed's a millionaire.
Well we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 31.
Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all the odd integers are prime.
Well, Brahma said, even after ten thousand explanations, a fool is no wiser, but an intelligent man requires only two thousand five hundred.
Well, I can think of a lot of worse things, David.
Well, I don't know where they come from but they sure do come, I hope they comin' for me!
Well, I don't know, replied the friend, it was too dark to see.
Well, I hit him hard right between the eyes, And he went down, but to my surprise, Come up with a knife and cut off a piece of my ear.
Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood, Well, I ain't naming names.
Well, I remember when sex was dirty and the air was clean.
Well, I'm disenchanted too.
Well, I'm down to mine and it hasn't.
Well, I'm literate, if that's what you mean!
Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my condition is.
Well, Jim, I'm not much of an actor either.
Well, Laurie Anderson is already Laurie Anderson, but I read an article in Harpers that said there were eleven countries, in the world this is I think, that have queens as sovereign rulers.
Well, a gal down the road had had several of her children by Dr.
Well, answered Mike, The first thing you've got to do is look like a Texan.
Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized that like most books, it had too many words.
Well, at least not MUCH more.
Well, boys, said the Scout leader, you've just seen a rare case of carp-to-carp walleting.
Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together.
Well, buddy, I've got to leave on a business trip this weekend, and I wonder.
Well, don't worry about it.
Well, fancy giving money to the Government!
Well, follow me and I'll show you.
Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government, to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them.
Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and paper boots.
Well, how about one more?
Well, it does seem right.
Well, it don't make the sun shine, but at least it don't deepen the shit.
Well, it seemed like a good idea.
Well, it seems that you're right.
Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in computer repair.
Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it for a toilet.
Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal rights.
Well, it's quite nice, he replied, but don't you think it would be better if.
Well, just last week I was at a Chinese restaurant and when I opened my fortune cookie I found the guy's check sitting at the next table.
Well, kid, that was a great idea, said the manager.
Well, last year, I think it was a Tuesday.
Well, let's see, there's ShopRite, Pathmark.
Well, my daddy left home when I was three, And he didn't leave much for Ma and me, Just and old guitar an'a empty bottle of booze.
Well, my family eats them and I sell the plumage.
Well, no, but Real Men use rescan.
Well, now there's help.
Well, one day, in full armour, their horses, and their page, the three brothers set off to see if one of them could win her hand.
Well, only last Christmas I gave him a B-B gun and he gave me a sweatshirt with a bulls-eye on the back.
Well, our rats aren't really employees.
Well, puffed the little man.
Well, punk is kind of anti-ethical, anyway.
Well, replied the frog, the only way that this spell can be taken away is for some lovely young woman to take me home and let me spend the night under her pillow.
Well, replied the snake, I don't know what I am, either.
Well, retorted Frank, neither would Jennifer.
Well, said Programmer, the customary procedure in such cases is as follows.
Well, says the voice, I'm in heaven now.
Well, she continued, just what do you do when you're bitten by a snake?
Well, she looks at you so coolly, And her eyes shine like the moon in the sea.
Well, she said, when my folks found out about my condition, we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer.
Well, sir, replied Sam, nobody explained it to me quite so clearly before.
Well, social relevance is a schtick, like mysteries, social relevance, science fiction.
Well, some take delight in the carriages a-rolling, And some take delight in the hurling and the bowling, But I take delight in the juice of the barley, And courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early.
Well, son, snarled the Game Warden, You must be about as dumb as a box of rocks!
Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?
Well, that's how I feel all the time.
Well, the doctor replies, I've been trying to reach you since last Monday.
Well, the doctor was correct.
Well, the handwriting is on the floor.
Well, the magician is really annoyed at this, but there's not much he can do about it as the parrot is a ship's mascot and very popular with the passengers.
Well, the owner of the deli was a bit of a cheap-skate, and decided to pick up a little extra change at his customer's expense.
Well, the years and romances came and went, and I eventually ended up settling for someone a lot less than my idea of perfection.
Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.
Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.
Well, they showed you a statue, told you to pray, Built you a temple and locked you away, Ah, but they never told you the price that you paid, The things that you might have done.
Well, this generation dropped it.
Well, we'll really have a party, but we've gotta post a guard outside.
Well, we're big rock singers, we've got golden fingers, And we're loved everywhere we go.
Well, what is the song then?
Well, what we have on our hands here is a dead shark.
Well, what you do know, it disintegrated.
Well, what's happening?
Well, you can forget it.
Well, you know, no matter where you go, there you are.
Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature.
Well, you're covered with soft fur, you have a little fluffy tail and long ears.
Well, you're low, cold and slimey.
Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess.
Well, you've ruined everything.
Went home and put a bullet through his head.
Were each of them once a kiddie.
Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide a grin.
Were the words that the poet, Finally chose, To bring his mad poem, To some sort of close.
Were there fewer fools, knaves would starve.
Were there no women, men might live like gods.
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
Were you aquainted with the deceased?
Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.
West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to remark in later life, If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a major general.
Whaddya bring back for me?
Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven?
What George Washington did for us was to throw out the British, so that we wouldn't have a fat, insensitive government running our country.
What I Did During My Fall Semester On the first day of my fall semester, I got up.
What I don't understand is just why he Can't be one or the other, unquestionably.
What I really want to do is be a shoe salesman.
What I tell you three times is true.
What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.
What I'd give to own that, she said, sighing.
What I've done, of course, is total garbage.
What Jove may do, is not permitted to a cow.
What Miss Manners objects to is the kind of activity that frightens the horses on the street.
What Should a Movie Do?
What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!
What a contemptible lie!
What a crime to waste it on children.
What a finely tuned response to the situation!
What a haul I made that day!
What a misfortune to be a woman!
What a wonder is USENET; such wholesale production of conjecture from such a trifling investment in fact.
What about the new 16-bit computers, like the Lisa and Fortune?
What about you: do you see it?
What about your father, Billy?
What ails you that you keep on arguing?
What am I going to do with this?
What am I, a doctor or a moonshuttle conductor?
What am I, a philosopher?
What an artist dies with me!
What an author likes to write most is his signature on the back of a cheque.
What are the chances of a cat starting a nuclear war?
What are you watching?
What awful irony is this?
What better proof that the Progenitors favor not you, but us!
What can you tell us about the truthfulness and veracity of this defendant?
What causes the mysterious death of everyone?
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
What could possibly be worse than that?
What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas?
What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill?
What did it matter what anyone knew or ignored?
What did it matter who was manager?
What did ya do with your burden and your cross?
What did you bring that book I didn't want to be read to out of about Down Under up for?
What did you do when the ship sank?
What did you say about my mother?
What do I consider a reasonable person to be?
What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
What do monsters drink?
What do monsters eat?
What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas?
What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest fantasies?
What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney?
What do you give a man who has everything?
What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
What do you have when you have six lawyers buried up to their necks in sand?
What do you intend to do with it?
What do you keep that mouse for?
What do you mean by benevolence and righteousness?
What do you mean, buried them?
What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
What do you say to a Puerto Rican in a three-piece suit?
What do you say, Piglet?
What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
What does education often do?
What does friendship among Soviet nationalities mean?
What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?
What does it mean in the sentence What time is it?
What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent?
What does it taste like?
What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
What does that make YOU?
What does woman want?
What does your mother do all day?
What dread grasp Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?
What else would induce a spectator to sit out in the open in subfreezing weather?
What ever happened to happily ever after?
What ever you want is going to cost a little more than it is worth.
What excuses stand in your way?
What foods these morsels be!
What fools these morals be!
What fools these mortals be.
What force or influence, what sort of energy would travel from the planets and stars to all human beings and affect our development or fate?
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
What goes up must come down.
What good is a Kaiser Roll without a little COLE SLAW on the SIDE?
What good is a ticket to the good life, if you can't find the entrance?
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
What good is it if you talk in flowers, and they think in pastry?
What happened last night can happen again.
What happened to the crewman?
What happens if one spreads Blue Bonnet margarine on a Ritz cracker?
What happens if you've got TWO flats?
What happens to a dream deferred?
What happens when four WASPs find themselves in the same room?
What happens when you cut back the jungle?
What has roots as nobody sees, Is taller than trees, Up, up it goes, And yet never grows?
What hath Bob wrought?
What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
What if he had written this piece with lyrics, as a song to be sung?
What if is a trademark of Hewlett Packard, so stop using it in your sentences without permission, or risk being sued.
What if nothing exists and we're all in somebody's dream?
What in essence it consists of is a horizontal rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports, which we call legs.
What in the world do you think you're doing?
What in the world ever became of Sweet Jane?
What inner force drove this first athlete?
What is a compact city?
What is a kludge, after all, but not enough K's, not enough ROM's, not enough RAM's, poor quality interface and too few bytes to go around?
What is a magician but a practising theorist?
What is algebra, exactly?
What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
What is green and lives in the ocean?
What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's enemies.
What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires an accomplice.
What is it about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television, that you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of industrial waste?
What is it that you are stealing?
What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
What is orange and goes click, click?
What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
What is purple and commutes?
What is purple and concord the world?
What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
What is the 'Body of a rock'?
What is the Latin for office automation?
What is the Nature of God?
What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer?
What is the difference between a duck?
What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?
What is the reason for this?
What is the robbing of a bank compared to the founding of a bank?
What is the sound of one cat napping?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
What is the state capital of Idaho?
What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.
What is your Purpose in Life, anyway?
What is your brother-in-law's name?
What is your relationship with the plaintiff?
What kind of love is that?
What kind of man would live where there is no daring?
What kind of problem, Dave?
What kind of sordid business are you on now?
What kludge is that, Dave?
What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
What light through yonder window breaks?
What lovely diamonds!
What made you so awfully clever?
What makes the universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing to compare it with.
What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.
What makes you think graduate school is supposed to be satisfying?
What man has done, man can aspire to do.
What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself.
What men are poets who can speak of Jupiter if he were like a man, but if he is an immense spinning sphere of methane and ammonia must be silent?
What neighborhood people there are start to talk, and what kids there are start to get curious.
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working when he's staring out the window.
What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!
What on earth would a man do with himself if something did not stand in his way?
What one expects from others.
What one fool can do, another can.
What orators lack in depth they make up in length.
What others are not thinking about you.
What pains others pleasures me, At home am I in Lisp or C; There i couch in ecstasy, 'Til debugger's poke i flee, Into kernel memory.
What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency.
What people have been reduced to are mere 3-D representations of their own data.
What publishers are looking for these days isn't radical feminism.
What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?
What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
What segment's this, that, laid to rest On FHA0, is sleeping?
What should the entire human race DO?
What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?
What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming?
What stifled my laughter is that the image fits.
What terrible way to die.
What that means is that if the supervisor wants productivity, he has to know how to raise bail.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
What the deuce is it to me?
What the gods would destroy they first submit to an IEEE standards committee.
What the government has got to do is live as cheap as the people.
What the hand dare seize the fire?
What the hell is it good for?
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
What they did for Iacocca Will be perfectly acceptable to me!
What they mean: A major technological breakthrough.
What they meant: I recommend this candidate with no qualifications whatsoever.
What they meant: If you knew this person as well as I know him, you would think as much of him as I do.
What they meant: You will be fortunate if you can get him to work for you.
What they really hate is lousy programmers.
What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.
What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.
What this country needs is a good five cent nickel.
What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon.
What this means for you, the consumer, is that the airlines are no longer required to follow any rules whatsoever.
What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.
What two computers engage in before they interface.
What upsets me is not that you lied to me, but that from now on I can no longer believe you.
What use are words that drive not to the heart?
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
What use is wizardry if it cannot save a unicorn?
What was he doing with the dog's ears?
What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?
What was the worst thing you've ever done?
What we Are is God's gift to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
What we do not understand we do not possess.
What we need in this country, instead of Daylight Savings Time, which nobody really understands anyway, is a new concept called Weekday Morning Time, whereby at 7 a.
What we need is either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
What we wish, that we readily believe.
What were you and your husband doing at that time?
What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?
What with all the time these people spent pinned under the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever.
What with chromodynamics and electroweak too Our Standardized Model should please even you, Tho' once you did say that of charm there was none It took courage to switch as to say Earth moves not Sun.
What you choose to do with them is up to you.
What you do about it is your decision, your choice: give him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake through his heart.
What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.
What you don't know won't help you much either.
What you end up with, after running an operating system concept through these many marketing coffee filters, is something not unlike plain hot water.
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
What you give a person when they are going away.
What you left out on April 15th.
What you regret not doing later on.
What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond your control.
What you should do is throw the kind of party where your guest wake up several days from now and call their lawyers to find out if they've been indicted for anything.
What you want, what you're hanging around in the world waiting for, is for something to occur to you.
