Department chairmen never die, they just lose their faculties.
Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember, it didn't help the rabbit.
Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.
Depression is when you lose your job.
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
Describe the history of the papacy from its origins to the present day, concentrating especially, but not exclusively, on its social, political, economic, religious and philisophical impact upon Europe, Asia, America, and Africa.
Design by counterexample.
Desist from enumerating your fowl prior to their emergence from the shell.
Desperately he pounded on the door.
Despite all appearances, your boss is a thinking, feeling, human being.
Despite insistent rumors about blatant commercialization, the SAG will probably remain free.
Despite its suffix, skepticism is not an ism in the sense of a belief or dogma.
Despite of this, Linus Torvalds, author of the word processor Linux with which the SAG was written, is not worried.
Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way.
Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
Determined by unanimous unvote.
Detroit is Cleveland without the glitter.
Developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Obedience Training, DOGO DOGO heralds a new era of computer-literate pets.
Dial soap, and a towel from the Holiday Inn.
Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically meek?
Did I miss something?
Did I say I was a sardine?
Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
Did it ever occur to you that fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing?
Did mahwah into patterson: All jersey were the ocean groves, And the red bank bayonne.
Did something bad happen or am I in a drive-in movie?
Did you carry it yourself or did you cry?
Did you ever see a doctor?
Did you ever stay all night with this man in Chicago?
Did you ever stay all night with this man in Miami?
Did you ever stay all night with this man in New York?
Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in?
Did you hear about the model who sat on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?
Did you hear that Captain Crunch, Sugar Bear, Tony the Tiger, and Snap, Crackle and Pop were all murdered recently.
Did you hear that there's a group of South American Indians that worship the number zero?
Did you hear that two rabbits escaped from the zoo and so far they have only recaptured 116 of them?
Did you know about the -o option of the fortune program?
Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
Did you know that if you took all the economists in the world and lined them up end to end, they'd still point in the wrong direction?
Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot that shot down the Korean jet?
Did you know the University of Iowa closed down after someone stole the book?
Did you know they've named a drink after you?
Did you move a lot of KOREAN STEAK KNIVES this trip, Dingy?
Did you notice how your friend twitched violently and cried out in pain?
Did you see me walk into your shop?
Did you tell your lawyer that your husband had offered you indignities?
Did your parents lose a bet with God?
Didja' ever have to make up your mind, Pick up on one and leave the other behind, It's not often easy, and it's not often kind, Didja' ever have to make up your mind?
Didn't I buy a 1951 Packard from you last March in Cairo?
Didn't get it done on time.
Didn't understand the question.
Dieters live life in the fasting lane.
Differences are crucial.
Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.
Different color from previous model.
Different colors from previous version.
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
Digital computers are themselves more complex than most things people build: They hyave very large numbers of states.
Dignity is like a flag.
Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term, convertible only through the use of weird and unnatural conversion factors.
Dingell, also of Michigan.
Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
Dinosaurs aren't extinct.
Diogenes went to look for an honest lawyer.
Dionysian stirrings arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself completely.
Dip the sugar several times in the liquid until it is all dissolved.
Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
Diplomacy is the art of saying nice doggie until you can find a rock.
Diplomacy is the art of saying nice doggy until you can find a rock.
Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
Diplomats tell lies to journalists, and they believe what they read.
Dir mohmen Rath ausgraben.
Directed by Steven Spielberg.
Discard it, shrug off doubt, and choose more docile words to take its part.
Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather than blinkers it.
Disclaimer: These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be yours too.
Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
Disco oil bussing will create a throbbing naugahide pipeline running straight to the tropics from the rug producing regions and devalue the dollar!
Discovered by pure accident.
Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its predictive power.
Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
Dishonor will not trouble me, once I am dead.
Disillusioned words like bullets bark, As human gods aim for their mark, Make everything from toy guns that spark To flesh-colored christs that glow in the dark.
Disk crisis, please clean up!
Disk drives go 'round and 'round.
Disk usage in or above the eighth percentile will secure the removal of all restrictions and you will immediately receive your permanent disk space.
Disk usage in the sixth or seventh percentile will not effect the validity of your temporary disk space, though its expiration date may be extended for a period of up to three months.
Disks travel in packs.
Disobedience: The silver lining to the cloud of servitude.
Displacements along direction of force getting you down?
Disraeli replied, That all depends, Sir, upon whether I embrace your principles or your mistress.
Disraeli was pretty close: actually, there are Lies, Damn lies, Statistics, Benchmarks, and Delivery dates.
Disregard personal feelings about city and intercept.
Dissatisfaction guaranteed.
Dist it out, wouldja?
Distance doesn't make you any smaller, but it does make you part of a larger picture.
Distinction for the Uninvolved.
District of Columbia pedestrians who leap over passing autos to escape injury, and then strike the car as they come down, are liable for any damage inflicted on the vehicle.
Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight acquaintance and without any visible reason.
Divide Dot-Product by the magnitude of the vectors and it becomes an instant angle calculator!
Divorce is a game played by lawyers.
Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.
Do I have a lifestyle yet?
Do Native Women Live With Apes?
Do YOU have redeeming social value?
Do as I say, not as I do.
Do clones have navels?
Do it now before you forget.
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
Do me a favour and don't tell me about it.
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.
Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
Do not despair of life.
Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.
Do not drink coffee in early A.
Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy.
Do not lose your knowledge that man's proper estate is an upright posture, an intransigent mind, and a step that travels unlimited roads.
Do not meddle in the affairs of troff, for it is subtle and quick to anger.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they become soggy and hard to light.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for you are crunchy and good with ketchup.
Do not overtax your powers.
Do not permit a woman to ask forgiveness, for that is only the first step.
Do not put statements in the negative form.
Do not read this fortune under penalty of law.
Do not scrawl situationalist graffiti in the margins or stub your rollups in the inkwells.
Do not seek death; death will find you.
Do not simplify the design of a program if a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Do not suture until your work has been inspected.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging.
Do not use that foreign word ideals.
Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.
Do not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment.
Do not worry about which side your bread is buttered on: you eat BOTH sides.
Do not write below this line.
Do people know you have freckles everywhere?
Do something that should have been done a long time ago.
Do something unusual today.
Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?
Do the same when summarizing a vote.
Do these facts never fill you with shame?
Do they like to shake their tails?
Do unto others before they undo you.
Do we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
Do what comes naturally.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
Do what you can to prolong your life, in the hope that someday you'll learn what it's for.
Do you agree to this?
Do you believe in computer dating?
Do you believe in intuition?
Do you believe in one God?
Do you come here often?
Do you drink when you're on duty?
Do you ever walk around?
Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Do you guys know we just passed thru a BLACK HOLE in space?
Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?
Do you have a car or a job?
Do you have exactly what I want in a plaid poindexter bar bat?
Do you have lysdexia?
Do you know about being with somebody?
Do you know how far pregnant you are right now?
Do you know how that feels?
Do you know the difference between a yankee and a damyankee?
Do you know the difference between education and experience?
Do you know what the death rate around here is?
Do you know where Henry Kissinger is?
Do you know where it might be?
Do you mean by them that has to live in this dad-blamed, moth-eaten, dust-covered, one-hoss dump, or by them that's merely enjoying its quaint and picturesque rustic charms for a short spell?
Do you mean that you not only want a wrong answer, but a certain wrong answer?
Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming beneath its sheltering branches?
Do you notice any difference between the size of the tub and the size of that spindly wad of petals in your hand?
Do you put pennies in the slots in your penny loafers?
Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?
Do you realize how much money you lost me?
Do you realize what you're asking?
Do you really have to be going?
Do you really think this is quite fair?
Do you see any ELVES or EDSELS.
Do you see this bathtub?
Do you see what I mean?
Do you smell something burning or is it me?
Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to say in those awkward situations?
Do you speak English?
Do you suffer painful elimination?
Do you suffer painful hallucination?
Do you suffer painful illumination?
Do you suffer painful recrimination?
Do you suppose you could try and tell me?
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
Do you think Mary Jane is somebody's name?
Do you think girls who kiss on the first date are loose?
Do you think pizza before noon is unhealthy?
Do you think she wants us to follow her?
Do you think that fair criticism?
Do you think that illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he just whipped out a quarter?
Do you think the Monkees should get gas on odd or even days?
Do you think there's a God?
Do you think what we're doing is wrong?
Do you think you can tell?
Do you think your mother and I should have lived comfortably so long together if ever we had been married?
Do you think, at your age, it is right?
Do you understand this?
Do you use the greasy kid's stuff to stick down your cowlick?
Do you want the instant respect that comes from being able to use technical terms that nobody understands?
Do you want to strike fear and loathing into the hearts of DP managers everywhere?
Do you, my poppet, feel infirm?
Do your otters do the shimmy?
Do your wombats sleep in tophats?
Do, or do not; there is no try.
Doc, Dopey, Sneezy, Happy, Grumpy, Sleepy and Bashful.
Doctor, did you say he was shot in the woods?
Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
Doctors and lawyers must go to school for years and years, often with little sleep and with great sacrifice to their first wives.
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
Documentation is the castor oil of programming.
Does Ramsey Duncan live here?
Does a good farmer neglect a crop he has planted?
Does a good father allow a single child to starve?
Does a good programmer refuse to maintain his code?
Does a good teacher overlook even the most humble student?
Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?
Does allow you to drink several DOS Beers simultaneously.
Does he or doesn't he?
Does it appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down, and its salient virtuosi a gang of umitigated scoundrels?
Does it bother anyone else that half the world is being told all of our hard-won secrets of computer technology?
Does it dry up Like a raisin in the sun?
Does it know its place?
Does it make you happy to know you're sending me to an early grave?
Does it stink like rotten meat?
Does not run on any existing machine.
Does that mean you consented?
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Does your bow-tie flash hey you kid in red neon at parties?
Doesn't he look peaceful?
Dogs just don't seem to be able to tell the difference between important people and the rest of us.
Doing the New York Times crossword puzzle with a pen.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
Don't Write On Walls!
Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Don't aim to be an earthly saint How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz!
Don't answer the driver.
Don't be concerned, it will not harm you, It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of, Across my dreams, with neptive wonder, I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.
Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
Don't be misled by facts.
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Don't be silly, George, replied the dog.
Don't be silly, said the fly, they're dancing.
Don't be so impatient, he said, I'll put the financial stuff in eventually.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Don't bother asking for explanations, she'll just tell you that she came In the Year of the Cat.
Don't break the chain!
Don't build things that do.
Don't buy any lavishes for a while.
Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
Don't come back until you have him, the Tick-Tock Man said quietly, sincerely, extremely dangerously.
Don't come looking for me to lend you a hand.
Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.
Don't confuse things that need action with those that take care of themselves.
Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer.
Don't cut off a police car when making an illegal U-turn.
Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.
Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
Don't discount flying pigs before you have good air defense.
Don't drop acid, take it pass-fail!
Don't ever count on having both at once.
Don't ever do this to my eyes again.
Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.
Don't everyone thank me at once!
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
Don't feel you must finish everything on your plate.
Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
Don't force it; get a larger hammer.
Don't get even, get jewelry.
Don't get frustrated without it.
Don't get mad, get even.
Don't get mad, get interest.
Don't get to bragging.
Don't give yourself airs!
Don't go 'round tonight, It's bound to take your life.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
Don't go to sleep under big animals, e.
Don't hang all your clothes in the closet.
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful.
Don't have aesthetic convulsions when using them, either.
Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
Don't interfere with the stranger's style.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Don't know what time I'll be back, Mom.
Don't know, replied the farmer.
Don't leave nothin' for the dinks.
Don't let go of what you've got hold of, until you have hold of something else.
Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do; don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you; don't let nobody tell you what you got to do, or you'll never know.
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win.
Don't let this happen.
Don't let those bullies push you around.
Don't let your status become too quo!
Don't look back, something might be gaining on you.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
Don't lose Your head To gain a minute You need your head Your brains are in it.
Don't lose what you've got.
Don't make a big deal out of everything; just deal with everything.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play, Either light up or leave me alone.
Don't make no difference what nobody says, Ain't nobody likes to be alone.
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.
Don't mix your gin with whiskey And stood that way for years.
Don't overuse exclamation marks!
Don't plan any hasty moves.
Don't play George Bush and Saddam Hussein.
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because if you enjoy it today, you can do it again tomorrow.
Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
Don't quit now, we might just as well lock the door and throw away the key.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Don't read everything you believe.
Don't remember what you can infer.
Don't say yes until I finish talking.
Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.
Don't shout for help at night.
Don't smoke the next cigarette.
Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Don't speak to the bus driver.
Don't steal; thou'lt never thus compete successfully in business.
Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.
Don't string too many prepositional phrases together unless you are walking through the valley of the shadow of death.
Don't take a chance, because you might end up starving to death.
Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.
Don't take life so serious, son, it ain't nohow permanent.
Don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive.
Don't talk to me about disclaimers!
Don't talk to me about life.
Don't talk to me about naval tradition.
Don't tell any big lies today.
Don't tell me how hard you work.
Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
Don't tell me what you dreamed last night for I've been reading Freud.
Don't that really mean, Adjacent to this complete breakfast, or On the same table as this complete breakfast?
Don't think I need anything at all!
Don't think I need anything at all.
Don't think; let the machine do it for you!
Don't try it 'til you've knocked it.
Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.
Don't try to think as well.
Don't unplug it, it will just take a moment to fix.
Don't use a subject like My sex is female but I demand to be addressed as male.
Don't use commas, which aren't necessary.
Don't use contractions in formal writing.
Don't use no double negatives.
Don't wait for the movie.
Don't walk too close to metal objects which are not fastened down.
Don't wanna hurt no kangaroos.
Don't waste your time waving your hands and hoping when a rock or a club will do.
Don't worry about how your articles look.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing.
Don't worry if it doesn't work right.
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac; you can always take something for it.
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us!
Don't worry, I can handle it.
Don't worry, it's not loaded.
Don't write run-on sentences when they are hard to read.
Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?
Don't you ever get bitten by the snakes?
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
Don't you have any sense at all?
Don't you know any better?
Don't you know that the loon is on the endagered species list?
Don't you think that you should save your breath?
Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely want to help you could agree with each other?
Don't you wish you had more energy.
Don't, son, remember, 'Imitation is the sincerest form of philately.
Dorothy: But how can you talk without a brain?
Dot-Product really works!
Double Bucky left and right OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of, Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of, Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!
Double and float cast to each other.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
Dover, oh Dover, arisen from dead.
Dover, oh Dover, awoken from bed.
Dover, oh Dover, welcome back to the Lab.
Down along under Hill, shining in the sunlight, Waiting on the doorstep for the cold starlight, There my pretty lady is, River-woman's daughter, Slender as the willow-wand, clearer than the water.
Down to the Banana Republics, Down to the tropical sun.
Down west sinks the Sun; soon you will be groping.
Down with categorical imperative!
Drag them down to your level.
Dragon is on the wing in the Sky.
Drawing a deep breath, he hurled himself off into the air and began flapping his arms furiously.
Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.
Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.
Drew referred to the cellular telephone as a basic necessity.
Drilling for oil is boring.
Drink Scotch whisky all night long, And die behind the wheel.
Drink and dance and laugh and lie Love, the reeling midnight through For tomorrow we shall die!
Drink and the devil had done for the rest, Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
Drink as many as needed to perfect drinking technique.
Drink good Scotch for a change.
Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies.
Drinkers of Unix Beer display fierce brand loyalty, even though they claim that all the different brands taste almost identical.
Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?
Drinking is not a spectator sport.
Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin with, that it's compounding a felony.
Driver does not carry cash.
Driving his reindeer across the sky, Don't stand underneath when they fly by!
Drop in the tooth of an Algolian Suntiger.
Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
Drugs, it has been revealed, are responsible for rampant absenteeism, reduced output, and poor quality work.
Drunks are rarely amusing unless they know some good songs and lose a lot a poker.
Duct tape is like the force.
Due north of the center we find the South End.
Due to a recent systems overload error your recent disk files have been erased.
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders has been discontinued.
Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your fate and captain of your soul.
Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been discontinued.
Due to repairs, we're giving you advance notice that your service will be cut off indefinitely at ten o'clock.
Dull women have immaculate homes.
Dumb looks are still free.
Dump him on the front porch.
Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.
During a fight, a husband threw a bowl of Jello at his wife.
During a visit to America, Winston Churchill was invited to a buffet luncheon at which cold fried chicken was served.
During an impassioned House debate over a proposed bill to expand oyster and clam research, a sharp-eared informant transcribed the following exchange between our hero and Rep.
During that time we regret that you will be unbearable.
During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm.
During the battle, User spies managed to steal secret source code to the Empire's ultimate program: the Are-Em Star, a privileged root program with enough power to destroy an entire file structure.
During the voyage of life, remember to keep an eye out for a fair wind; batten down during a storm; hail all passing ships; and fly your colors proudly.
During the weeks leading up to the escape in July 1978 the prison warders had noticed that attendances had fallen at film shows which included The Great Escape, and also that 220 knives and a huge quantity of electric cable had disappeared.
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair.
Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
Dynamically binding, you realize the magic.
Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.
Dyslexics have more fnu.
E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees.
EARL GREY NEVER VARIES.
EARN-Poland link, should it ever come about, a genuine link - not a vacuum cleaner attachment for a Bloc information gathering apparatus rationed to trusted apparatchiks.
EXCEPT the sugar cubes.
Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and resisting the current what each had learned from birth.
Each cult holds in contempt the rituals and the laws of the other.
Each day I scan each Subject line In hopes the topic will be mine; I shot a query into the net.
Each day fill lamps, clean chimneys, and trim wicks.
Each item and every farthing has been accounted for, with two regrettable exceptions for which I beg your indulgence.
Each kiss is as the first.
Each language expresses the Yin and Yang of software.
Each language has its place within the Tao.
Each language has its purpose, however humble.
Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.
Each mouse comes equipped with four legs and a tail.
Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
Each of these cults correspond to one of the two antagonists in the age of Reformation.
Each of these items was erroneous material published inadvertently.
Each of these techniques of language extension should be used in its proper place.
Each of us bears his own Hell.
Each one owes infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in which he was born.
Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
Each person has the right to take part in the management of public affairs in his country, provided he has prior experience, a will to succeed, a university degree, influential parents, good looks, a curriculum vitae, two 3x4 snapshots, and a good tax record.
Each person has the right to take the subway.
Each team building another component has been using the most recent tested version of the integrated system as a test bed for debugging its piece.
Each thinks that it is itself the one hope for salvation.
Each time a woman got pregnant, someone left town.
Each year at summer's end I go to find them for her, in a wide pool, deep and clear, far down Withywindle; there they open first in spring and there they linger latest.
Eager to show off this amazing accomplishment, he asked a friend to go along on his next hunting trip.
Eallum his bon brak, byt his nose offe; Wicced Godsylla waeld on his asse.
Earl has set a new record.
Early to bed and early to rise and you'll be groggy when everyone else is wide awake.
Early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy, wealthy and dead.
Earth does from the Sun, or fifty times in all.
Earth is a beta site.
Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun.
Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
Easter Bunny, and 100 feet to the west is Santa Claus.
Easy glum, easy glow.
Easy, said the Iowan.
Easy, you ask a gateway.
Eat drink and be merry!
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.
Eat right, stay fit, and die anyway.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.
Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.
Eats first, morals after.
Ecology and politics and sane living.
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
Economics is the study of the value and meaning of J.
Economists are still trying to figure out why the girls with the least principle draw the most interest.
Economists can certainly disappoint you.
Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.
Edison's first major invention in 1877, was the phonograph, which could soon be found in thousands of American homes, where it basically sat until 1923, when the record was invented.
Edited for television.
Editing is a rewording activity.
Education and religion are two things not regulated by supply and demand.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
Education is the process of casting false pearls before real swine.
Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten.
Education is what you get when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.
Eeny, Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak!
Eeyore, the old grey Donkey, stood by the side of the stream, and looked at himself in the water.
Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.
Ego sum ens omnipotens.
Egotist: A person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.
Eichmann's excuse for his job in the concentration camps.
Eight and four is twelve.
Eight was also the Number of Bel-Shamharoth, which was why a sensible wizard would never mention the number if he could avoid it.
Eighties people buy imported dental floss.
Eighty percent of married men cheat in America.
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary.
Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist.
Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
Either a thing will happen or it won't.
Either one of us, by himself, is expendable.
Either we must Succeed in providing the rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries civilization will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements.
Electrical theories are the easiest to hypothesize: was there a loose with under the carpet, or problems with static electricity?
Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles, called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you have been drinking.
Electrons travel at the speed of light, which in most American homes is 110 volts per hour.
Elegance and truth are inversely related.
Elevating brain damage to an art form.
Elevators smell different to midgets.
Eli and Bessie went to sleep.
Elliptic paraboloids for sale.
Eloquence is logic on fire.
Elsewhere, won't scream, Forget it, Blanche.
Elvis is alive and running the country.
Elwood, in this world you must be oh so smart or oh so pleasant.
Embezzlement is another matter.
Emotions are alien to me.
Employees and their families are not eligible.
Enchantment healed his weary feet That over hills were doomed to roam; And forth he hastened, strong and fleet, And grasped at moonbeams glistening.
Encouragement, dear, she replied.
Encyclopedia for sale by father.
Endless the world's turn, endless the sun's spinning Endless the quest; I turn again, back to my own beginning, And here, find rest.
Enesco agreed to give lessons to the son who was quite unhampered by great musical talent.
Engineering meets art in the parking lot and things explode.
Engineering without management is art.
English for not enough food.
English literature's performing flea.
English majors are encouraged, I know, to hate chemistry and physics, and to be proud because they are not dull and creepy and humorless and war-oriented like the engineers across the quad.
English walnuts Before you start, sample the rum to check for quality.
Enjoy your companion's food.
Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
Enjoy yourself while you're still old.
Enough research will tend to support your theory.
Enter your data clearly but always encrypt your results.
Enterprise continues on its five year mission.
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
Entropy requires no maintenance.
Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
Equal bytes for women.
Equality is not when a female Einstein gets promoted to assistant professor; equality is when a female schlemiel moves ahead as fast as a male schlemiel.
Equally puzzling is the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you order The Best of Wagner, The Best of Schubert, or The Best of the Turds.
Equipment or program that fails, usually intermittently.
Erlenmeyer did so, and the flatfoot who turned up, one Sherlock Ohms, said the outrage looked like the work of an arch-criminal by the name of Lawrence Ium.
Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
Ernest, the rich are different from us.
Eschew dialect, irregardless.
Especially if they are dead.
Especially if you're a man.
Especially with those 14 year-old Valley girls.
Especially, do not faint when it occurs.
Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
Estimate the differences in subsequent human culture if this form of life had been created 500 million years ago or earlier, with special attention to its probable effect on the English parliamentary system.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
Eternity is a terrible thought.
Ether bunny be back next year!
Ethics, whose nature was confusing but if you had it you were a High-Class Realtor and if you hadn't you were a shyster, a piker and a fly-by-night.
Etiquette is for those with no breeding; fashion for those with no taste.
Euch ist becannt, was wir beduerfen; Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.
Eudaemonic Enterprises, for all they knew, might be a fast-growing computer company branching out of the Silicon Valley.
Eudaemonic research proceeded with the casual mania peculiar to this part of the world.
Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
Eurythmics'' practice birth control.
Evelyn, will you go into the auto-suggestion booth and take your regular place on the psycho-prompter couch?
Even Feghoot couldn't console them.
Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.
Even a cabbage may look at a king.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even a man who is pure at heart, And says his prayers at night Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms, And the moon is full and bright.
Even a perfect program still has bugs.
Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.
Even if one has to run some risks, one must be brave and strong enough to meet and overcome vexing challenges to maintain a successful business in the long run.
Even if some thinkers are fanciful, it is wrong to make fun of them for it.
Even if there were no clear scientific or other arguments for proceeding with this task, the whole history of our civilization would still impel men toward the goal.
Even if they reached that age they will in most instances be broken in health physically and morally.
Even if you can deceive people about a product through misleading statements, sooner or later the product will speak for itself.
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?
Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems, the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a river or struck by lightning.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Even in the moment of our earliest kiss, When sighed the straitened bud into the flower, Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this; And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.
Even more amazing was the realization that God has Internet access.
Even more dough,'' promises the author.
Even now that I'm grown?
Even nowadays a man can't step up and kill a woman without feeling just a bit unchivalrous.
Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
Even people are changing.
Even that is too much to expect, insisted the manager, I will be satisfied if you simply tell me when the program is complete.
Even the Statue of Liberty shaves her pits.
Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
Even the clearest and most perfect circumstantial evidence is likely to be at fault, after all, and therefore ought to be received with great caution.
Even the more sophisticated feminist thinkers frequently shy away from the analysis of submission, for fear that in admitting woman's participation in the relationship of domination, the onus of responsibility will appear to shift from men to women, and the moral victory from women to men.
Even then he would not look at Molly, but examined his claws.
Even though the prospect sickens, Fill the cup and don't say when.
Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of him are dead, he is alive.
Even when you make a tax form out on the level, you don't know when it's through if you are a crook or a martyr.
Even while we died, others rode out the storm.
Even with Kiner hitting and a change to win the game with a home run, Brandy took off for second and made it.
Even with the Winchester backup, they're no match for the Uzi.
Even with the quickness and agility of a kayak, you are not faster than the river, nor stronger, and you can beat it only by understanding it.
Even words look like decorative filigrees in exotic typefaces.
Even your dog won't like it.
Evening will follow day.
Events are not affected, they develop.
Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains, two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.
Eventually he had to be given a job running the post office.
Eventually the form for the next year's return arrived.
Eventually, the passengers split into groups and build several different aircraft, but give them all the same name.
Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?
Ever feel like you're the head pin on life's bowling alley, and everyone's rolling strikes?
Ever free-climbed a thousand foot vertical cliff with 60 pounds of gear strapped to your butt?
Ever get the feeling that the world's on tape and one of the reels is missing?
Ever heard of a cat with an ulcer?
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?
Ever notice that the word therapist breaks down into the rapist?
Ever since prehistoric times, wise men have tried to understand what, exactly, make people laugh.
Ever since they threatened to fire me.
Ever since, he's been talking about the good old dais.
Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?
Ever wonder why fire engines are red?
Ever wondered about the origins of the term bugs as applied to computer technology?
Everclear brand grain alcohol Mix JELL-O and Knox gelatin into 2 cups of boiling water.
Everthing is farther away than it used to be.
Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper.
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
Every class is unfit to govern.
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
Every cloud has a silver lining; you should have sold it, and bought titanium.
Every country has the government it deserves.
Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.
Every day they bored a hole, and on the seventh day, Chaos died.
Every day, to earn my daily bread I go to the market where lies are bought Hopefully I take my place among the sellers.
Every group has a couple of experts.
Every hack had seven bugs; Every bug had seven manifestations; Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
Every living thing wants to survive.
Every love's the love before In a duller dress.
Every man is apt to form his notions of things difficult to be apprehended, or less familiar, from their analogy to things which are more familiar.
Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
Every man is tasked to make his life, even in its details, worthy of the contemplation of his most elevated and critical hour.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Every man thinks God is on his side.
Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged.
Every man who is high up likes to think that he has done it all himself, and the wife smiles and lets it go at that.
Every morning a lion wakes up.
Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.
Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.
Every morning, I get up and look through the 'Forbes' list of the richest people in America.
Every new medium of writing brings about new intensities of religious belief and new schisms among believers.
Every newspaper in America has a daily astrology column.
Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis.
Every now and then, when your life gets complicated and the weasels start closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.
Every once in a while I turn it on and off.
Every one says that politicians lie all the time, and that just isn't so!
Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he sees in it.
Every path has its puddle.
Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have drawn them there.
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
Every resolved what if creates two unresolved what if's.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
Every theory in philosophy, which is built on pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.
Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!
Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.
Every time a fly landed on the web and was entangled in it the spider devoured him, so that when another fly came along he would think the web was a safe and quiet place in which to rest.
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Every time you manage to close the door on Reality, it comes in through the window.
Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God for deliverance from chains.
Every way is the true Way.
Every why hath a wherefore.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
Every year new names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail.
Every young man should have a hobby: learning how to handle money is the best one.
Everybody but Sam had signed up for a new company pension plan that called for a small employee contribution.
Everybody but one girl laughed uproariously.
Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog just died.
Everybody has something to conceal.
Everybody is given the same amount of hormones, at birth, and if you want to use yours for growing hair, that's fine with me.
Everybody is going somewhere!
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
Everybody is talking about the weather but nobody does anything about it.
Everybody knows that it's me or you.
Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.
Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.
Everybody knows that you love me, baby.
Everybody knows that you really do.
Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or two.
Everybody knows the captain lied.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton for you ribbons and bows.
Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay poor, the rich get rich.
Everybody knows the good guys lost.
Everybody knows the war is over.
Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people you just had to meet without your clothes.
Everybody laughed at me.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
Everybody needs a place to rest, Everybody wants to have a home.
Everybody rolls with their fingers crossed.
Everybody stands in a circle.
Everybody take cover.
Everybody talking to their pockets.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.
Everybody wants a box of chocolates and long stem rose.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Everybody's got a hungry heart.
Everybody's looking for something.
Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgement.
Everyone has a purpose in life.
Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
Everyone is a genius.
Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
Everyone is in the best seat.
Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
Everyone knows power tools aren't soluble in alcohol.
Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.
Everyone knows whose credit is good, and whose wife isn't.
Everyone should be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their writing.
Everyone thinks he has enough.
Everyone told him, You ride the bull, senor.
Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes to get them.
Everyone was born right-handed.
Everyone would agree that all horses have an even number of legs.
Everyone's glad when they're over.
Everyone's head is a cheap movie show.
Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.
Everything I like is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
Everything bows to success, even grammar.
Everything can be filed under miscellaneous.
Everything else causes cancer in rats.
Everything ends badly.
Everything goes dark.
Everything goes wrong at once.
Everything in the apartment has been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.
Everything in this book may be wrong.
Everything is always done for the wrong reasons.
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.
Everything is possible.
Everything is sometimes.
Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being that a belch is more satisfying.
Everything might be different in the present if only one thing had been different in the past.
Everything on stage should be larger than in real life.
Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.
Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.
Everything should be built top-down, except this time.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Everything takes longer than you think it will.
Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
Everything tastes more or less like chicken.
Everything that can be invented has been invented.
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
Everything was much more pleasant in the United States, because of the mentality of being open-minded, always positive.
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
Everything worthwhile has a price.
Everything you know is wrong!
Everything you need to know is in there somewhere.
Everything you never wanted in a window system.
Everything you read in newspapers is absolutely true, except for that rare story of which you happen to have first-hand knowledge.
Everything you want to do in Europe is just, 'No way.
Everything you've learned in school as obvious becomes less and less obvious as you begin to study the universe.
Everything's better when it sits on a Ritz.
Everything's better with Blue Bonnet on it.
Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers.
Everywhere one rail was loosened, moved in three and one-half inches, and spiked down in its new position.
Everywhere you go you'll see them searching, Everywhere you turn you'll feel the pain, Everyone is looking for the answer, Well look again.
Evil does seek to maintain power by suppressing the truth.
Evil is that which one believes of others.
Evil to him who evil thinks.
Evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact.
Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident.
Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around the sun.
Evolution on an ancient earth is as well established as our planet's shape and position.
Exactly, said Nasrudin, your truth.
Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for even the greatest fool may ask more the the wisest man can answer.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others.
Examples too numerous to mention from the Roadrunner cartoons.
Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold, And to the presence in the room he said, What writest thou?
Excellence is THE trend of the '80s.
Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
Excellent, excellent!
Except with sour cream.
Exceptions prove the rule, and wreck the budget.
Excerpt from a conversation between a customer support person and a customer working for a well-known military-affiliated research lab: Support: You're not our only customer, you know.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating.
Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
Excited a few men in the meantime.
Excitedly he sits up in bed.
Excitement and danger await your induction to tracer duty!
Excuse me, he said, may I examine it?
Excuse me, sir, but I've been seeing you for hours now, carrying on at this grave.
Excuse, me, it said, would you shred my ends and tie me up like a pretzel?
Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
Exercise system control in your experiments, for the world is full of bugs.
Exercising around small children can scar them emotionally for life.
Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what is wrong with it.
Existed hand in hand The Indians needed food They need skins for a roof The only took what they needed And the buffalo ran loose But then came the white man With his thick and empty head He couldn't see past his billfold He wanted all the buffalo dead It was sad, oh so sad.
Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Expect to see Yip elude all pursuers and make it into the endzone five or six times, his average for a game.
Expedience is the best teacher.
Experience and statistics show beyond doubt that passionate excessive dancing girls can hardly reach twenty-five years of age and men thirty-one.
Experience comes from bad judgement.
Experience has proved that some people indeed know everything.
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens to you.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Experience is the worst teacher.
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else.
Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most.
Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye, particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Experimental psychologists think they're biologists.
Experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way.
Experiments should be reproducible.
Exposed to the attacks of friends and acquaintances; defamed; slandered.
Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.
Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
Extreme feminine beauty is always disturbing.
Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.
Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice.
Exxon's 'Universe of Energy' tends to the peculiar rather than the humorous.
F u cn rd ths u cnt spl wrth a dm!
F' would only dignify it.
FIFTH FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types refer to quantity.
FOR A FEW FRIES MORE: Takes up where AFOF left off!
FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER II,III,IV,V,VI: Much, much more of the same.
FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER SERIES: Crazed potato who was left in a fryer too long and was charbroiled carelessly returns to wreak havoc on unsuspecting, would-be teen camp cooks.
FUN THING or the END of LIFE in Petticoat Junction?
FUN is never having to say you're SUSHI!
Fabricated of 100 percent 24-karat gold.
Face down, nine edge first.
Facing the rising sun of our new day begun, Let us march on till victory is won.
Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.
Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.
Facts are stupid things.
Facts are the enemy of truth.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Facts, apart from their relationships, are like labels on empty bottles.
Facts, like numbers, roll off his back.
Failing hardware or software.
Failing this, look around at the class.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
Faith is under the left nipple.
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurence of the improbable.
Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
Falling in love is a lot like dying.
Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint.
Falling to new depths of inefficiency.
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is oblivion.
Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.
Familiarity breeds attempt.
Families, when a child is born Want it to be intelligent.
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
Fancy giving money to the Government!
Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun.
Farewell we call to hearth and hall!
Farewell, farewell, you old rhinoceros, I'll stare at something less prepoceros.
Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more stressful than divorce.
Fascinating is a word I use for the unexpected.
Fascinating, a totally parochial attitude.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
Fast, cheap, good: pick two.
Faster, faster, you fool, you fool!
Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.
Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!
The British police force used to be run by men of integrity.
Fear and loathing, my man, fear and loathing.
Fear is the greatest salesman.
Fear neither root nor bough!
Fear of being buried alive.
Fear of being verbally abused by a Mississippian.
Fear of opening one's eyes.
Federal cutbacks mean less money for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight and 8 a.
Federal grants are offered for.
Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, Oh, no, it's Microsoft!
Feeling the wind at my back, I rounded second and kept going, sliding safely into third base.
Feeling very smug, I continued to expand my hypothesis.
Feeling worse and worser, There I met a C.
Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature, An endothermic quadroped, carnivorous by nature.
Fellow programmer, greetings!
Feminists just want the human race to be a tie.
Ferdinand Feghoot, shedding a tear, I fear you do not realize the full significance of Pharoah's oxhide!
Fertility is hereditary.
Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors d'oeuvres.
Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with inanimate objects, singing I can't get no satisfaction, gulping down other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when the little hammers strike.
Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning Christmas tree.
Fetch me a child of 5.
Fetch me a child of five.
Few have excelled him in the use of the English language, or for that matter, in lucidity of verse form, 'Paradise Lost' being said to be the greatest single poem ever written.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Fielding tells me, Mother Nature looks on and taps her foot and clicks her tongue.
Fields sown with barley reap crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.
Fields, William Bendix.
Fifteen men on a dead man's chest, Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
Fifteen minutes later, they hear this echoing voice: Helllloooooo!
Fifty flippant frogs Walked by on flippered feet And with their slime they made the time Unnaturally fleet.
Fifty-three percent said yes; 39 percent said no; and 8 percent said Gimme a quarter?
Fights between cats and dogs are prohibited by statute in Barber, North Carolina.
Filing almost everything under the.
Fill a large tumbler with vodka.
Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
Filthy Rich and Catflap, 1986.
