Meanehwael, baccat meaddehaele, monstaer lurccen; Fulle few too many drincce, hie luccen for fyht.
Meantime, in the slums below Ronnie's Ranch, Cynthia feels as if some one has made voodoo boxen of her and her favorite backplanes.
Meanwhile, broil a good steak.
Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all-time low over the world.
Meanwhile, make sure the rum teh absolutely highest quality.
Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his bird.
Measure twice, cut once.
Measure with a micrometer.
Medical term meaning to share the wealth.
Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.
Meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge.
Meekness: Uncommon patience in planning a revenge that is worth while.
Meester, do you vant to buy a duck?
Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels!
Meetings would destroy the whole point of it.
Members declared in the public parts are visible to all clients; members declared in the private parts are fully encapsulated; and members declared in the protected parts are visible only to the class itself and its subclasses.
Memorable line, 'Cause I'm just a stud spud!
Memories of you remind me of you.
Memory fault - where am I?
Memory should be the starting point of the present.
Men always expect to meet beautiful women at the laundromat.
Men are always ready to respect anything that bores them.
Men are those creatures with two legs and eight hands.
Men are vaguely aware of some short people living in the house.
Men aren't attracted to me by my mind.
Men become insensitive.
Men believe they already have all the clothes they will ever need, and new ones make them nervous.
Men don't discard clothes.
Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
Men have a much better time of it than women; for one thing they marry later; for another thing they die earlier.
Men have as exaggerated an idea of their rights as women have of their wrongs.
Men have become the tool of their tools.
Men laugh about the bachelor party.
Men live for three things, fast cars, fast women and fast food.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Men never make passes at girls wearing glasses.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
Men of quality are not afraid of women for equality.
Men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs and tears.
Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them.
Men say they love cats, but when women aren't looking, men kick cats.
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.
Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.
Men think David Letterman is the funniest man on the face of the Earth.
Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings, and speech only to conceal their thoughts.
Men wear sensible socks.
Men who cherish for women the highest respect are seldom popular with them.
Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies.
Men's skin is different from women's skin.
Mencken, writing of William Jennings Bryan, counsel for the supporters of Tennessee's anti-evolution law at the Scopes Monkey Trial in 1925.
Mene, mene, tekel, upharsen.
Mental power tended to corrupt, and absolute intelligence tended to corrupt absolutely, until the victim eschewed violence entirely in favor of smart solutions to stupid problems.
Message will arrive in the mail.
Messiah, if you get my drift.
Metamathematicians think they're philosophers.
Metermaids eat their young.
Mi estas komputilisto.
Mi legas multe da scienca fikcio.
MiG-25, its engines had a total lifetime of 250 hours.
Mice have five appendages, and four of them are feet.
Mice have five appendages; four of them are feet; one is a tail.
Mice have four legs, four feet, and one tail per unit-mouse.
Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.
Microbiology Lab: Staph Only!
Microsoft is not the answer.
Microsoft is the question.
Microsoft, it will never work.
Microsoft,' don't you?
Microwaves frizz your heir.
Middle-aged husbands in such photographs are often described as looking young enough to be her son, but they don't always escape so easily, and a couple opening envelopes in the season of mercy and good will sometimes handle a male friend or acquaintance rather sharply.
Midwest farmers are just plain folks.
Mieux vaut tard que jamais!
Might as well be frank, monsieur.
Might as well have put it down the drain.
Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.
Miguel Cervantes wrote Donkey Hote.
Mike's Law: For a lumber company employing two men and a cut-off saw, the marginal product of labor for any number of additional workers equals zero until the acquisition of another cut-off saw.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
Miller sued for damages, claming that he was crippled and would have to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair.
Miller's Practical Gamekeeping.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned; yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
Milton wrote Paradise Lost, then his wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.
Mind your own business, Spock.
Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
Mine was one of the last to go in.
Minicomputer: A computer that can be afforded on the budget of a middle-level manager.
Minnesotans ask, Why aren't there more pharmacists from Alabama?
Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.
Minors in Kansas City, Missouri, are not allowed to purchase cap pistols; they may buy shotguns freely, however.
Minutes' news team waiting in your office.
Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine times.
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Misery no longer loves company.
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses.
Miss Manners also believes that the sight of people strolling hand in hand or arm in arm or arm in hand dresses up a city considerably more than the more familiar sight of people shaking umbrellas at one another.
Miss Manners has been known to squeeze a gentleman's arm while being helped over a curb, and, in her wild youth, even to press a dainty slipper against a foot or two under the dinner table.
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.
Mist and twilight, cloud and shade, Away shall fade!
Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
Mistakes made while you wait.
Mister, said the man, can I have a quarter?
Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.
Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans; it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
Mobius strippers never show you their back side.
Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
Moderation in all things.
Moderation is a fatal thing.
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea.
Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the other.
Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
Moebius always does it on the same side.
Moishe Margolies, who weighed all of 105 pounds and stood an even five feet in his socks, was taking his first airplane trip.
Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?
Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.
Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two things we have.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.
Money doesn't talk, it swears.
Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Money is how we keep score.
Money is its own reward.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
Money is the root of all money.
Money is the root of all wealth.
Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch.
Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
Money's just the way we keep score.
Moneyliness is next to Godliness.
Monogamy is the Western custom of one wife and hardly any mistresses.
Monogamy is the same.
Moon and said, I understand how to make a better garbage collector.
Moping, melancholy mad: Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
Moral: Empiricism is more fun than speculation.
Moral: There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.
Morality is one thing.
More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
More dough,'' explains the author.
More generally, this has been a weakness of radical politics: to idealize the oppressed, as if their politics and culture were untouched by the system of domination, as if people did not participate in their own submission.
More often, egregious findings that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.
More on confusing aliases, taken from comp.
More people are flattered into virtue than bullied out of vice.
More software projects have gone awry for lack of calendar time than for all other causes combined.
More than a mere hindrance.
More than any time in history, mankind now faces a crossroads.
More than enough rope.
More than just a generation behind.
More than once, I would have gladly traded all the gifts I got for a new set of tires.
Moreover, a faculty panel of deconstructionists have reconfigured the rhetorical components within a post-structuralist framework, so as to expunge any offensive elements of western rationalism and linear logic.
Moreover, the lack of conceptual integrity made the system far more costly to build and change, and I would estimate that it added a year to debugging time.
Moreover, the satellites are invisible to the naked eye and therefore can have no influence on the earth and therefore would be useless and therefore do not exist.
Mortal Users fear to tread.
Mos Eisley Spaceport; you'll not find a more wretched collection of villainy and disreputable types.
Most American homes have alternating current, which means that the electricity goes in one direction for a while, then goes in the other direction.
Most Movies Live Less Than Two Hours.
Most Texans think Hanukkah is some sort of duck call.
Most UNIX programmers are great masters of style.
Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.
Most computer scientists don't notice this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.
Most general statements are false, including this one.
Most important, salting reduces the life spans of cars, thus stimulating the car and steel industries.
Most importantly, a towel has immense psychological value.
Most legends have their basis in facts.
Most modern reporters are top-notch computer experts who will understand the net, and your problems, perfectly.
Most non-Catholics know that the Catholic schools are rendering a greater service to our nation than the public schools in which subversive textbooks have been used, in which Communist-minded teachers have taught, and from whose classrooms Christ and even God Himself are barred.
Most notably I have ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.
Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable.
Most of our lives are about proving something, either to ourselves or to someone else.
Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking difficulties before we get to them.
Most of the funny names come from Biblical people.
Most of the gods were pleased with sacrifice, and the smell of innocent blood has ever been considered a divine perfume.
Most of the major stars of the chess world were there, and after a grueling day of chess, the players and their entourages retired to the lobby of the hotel for a little refreshment.
Most of the time I go to sleep without saying goodbye.
Most of them hurt her feet.
Most of them looked at him pecularly, mumbled things about urgent appointments, and went on their way rather quickly.
Most of us have gears we never use.
Most of us just sit back and marvel at such a story; how could that terminal know whether the poor guy was sitting or standing?
Most of us know the Swan movement rather well, with its smooth, flowing cello melody against a calm background; but I've been having this fantasy.
Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons for it afterwards.
Most of what I really need to know about how to live, and what to do, and how to be, I learned in kindergarten.
Most of your faults are not your fault.
Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the moon.
Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.
Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently than they do.
Most people deserve each other.
Most people don't need a great deal of love nearly so much as they need a steady supply.
Most people eat as though they were fattening themselves for market.
Most people exhibit what political scientists call the conservatism of the peasantry.
Most people feel that everyone is entitled to their opinion.
Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained only by the disinclination of others to listen.
Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.
Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
Most people need some of their problems to help take their mind off some of the others.
Most people prefer certainty to truth.
Most people want either less corruption or more of a chance to participate in it.
Most people will listen to your unreasonable demands, if you'll consider their unacceptable offer.
Most people will probably keep drinking Windows 3.
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
Most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning.
Most public domain software is free, at least at first glance.
Most quotable line: Ah'll be baked.
Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who can't talk for people who can't read.
Most seminars have a happy ending.
Most things get steadily worse.
Mostly because there was a Muppets calendar on the wall when we were trying to think of a name, and Kermit is a pleasant, unassuming sort of character.
Mother Earth is not flat!
Mother Mouse, with the hopeless valor of a parent protecting its children, turned with her teeth bared to the cat, towering huge above them, and suddenly began to bark in a fashion that would have done any Doberman proud.
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
Mother is the invention of necessity.
Mother told me to be good but she's been wrong before.
Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.
Mount, mount all your DECtapes now And copy the file somehow, somehow.
Mountain Dew and doughnuts.
Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the machine room.
Mounten' wird fuer drei Dinge benutzt: 'Aufsitzen' auf Pferde, 'einklinken' von Festplatten in Dateisysteme, und, nun, 'besteigen' beim Sex.
Mouse clicks numb the fingers.
Movement' is or was trying to make?
Much impressed by this news, several of his peers went to speak with him.
Much more successful than the people who laughed at him in high school.
Much noise has been made about rehabilitating the worker using drugs, but to date the vast majority of programs end with the simple firing or the not hiring of the abuser.
Much of the excitement we get out of our work is that we don't really know what we are doing.
Mulcahey looks at Malone, who shrugs, and then back at Margaret Mary Malone.
Multics is security spelled sideways.
Multiply a character string times a bit string and assign the result to a float decimal?
Mumbles inaudibly when attempting to speak.
Munching the tasty grass, The Sacred Chao replied MU.
Mundus vult decipi decipiatur ergo.
Murder is contrary to the laws of man and God.
Murphy was an optimist.
Murphy's Law applies to Newton's.
Murphy's Law is recursive.
Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem.
Mushrooms are what grows on vegetables when food's done with them.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Music will be played.
Musicians are just playin' folks.
Must I hold a candle to my shames?
Must he toil As Andy bade and till the very soil?
Must they be compiled?
My Bonnie looked into a gas tank, The height of its contents to see!
My God, I'm depressed!
My God, Lida is enormous!
My LESLIE GORE record is BROKEN.
My accumulator overflows.
My advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.
My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
My band career ended late in my senior year when John Cooper and I threw my amplifier out the dormitory window.
My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
My blushes, Watson, Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.
My boy is a mean kid.
My brain is my second favorite organ.
My brain is paged out to my liver.
My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big sattelite photo of the entire earth on it.
My car broke down, said the traveler, and I want to know if you would let me stay here for the night.
My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.
My computer can beat up your computer.
My country, right or wrong is a thing that no patriot would think of saying, except in a desperate case.
My cup hath runneth'd over with love.
My darling wife was always glum.
My dear Bagginses and Boffins, and my dear Tooks and Brandybucks, and Grubbs, and Chubbs, and Burrowses, and Hornblowers, and Bolgers, Bracegirdles, Goodbodies, Brockhouses and Proudfoots.
My dear fellows, The captain cried out.
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.
My doctorate's in Literature, but it seems like a pretty good pulse to me.
My experience with government is when things are non-controversial, beautifully co-ordinated and all the rest, it must be that not much is going on.
My experiment was a success, the chemist retorted.
My eyes are always cold.
My eyes just can't stand the light.
My face is new, my license is expired, and I'm under a doctor's care!
My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
My father left when I was quite young.
My father was a God-fearing man, but he never missed a copy of the New York Times, either.
My father was a saint, I'm not.
My father, a good man, told me, Never lose your ignorance; you cannot replace it.
My favorite day, said Pooh.
My favorite sandwich is peanut butter, baloney, cheddar cheese, lettuce and mayonnaise on toasted bread with catsup on the side.
My first baseman is George Catfish Metkovich from our 1952 Pittsburgh Pirates team, which lost 112 games.
My folks can make me split my side, I laughed so hard I nearly died, The tales they tell, sound just like lying, They grow the fruit, But eat the rind, I laugh until I start to crying, When I think about my folks.
My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower, but they were there to meet the boat.
My friend has a baby.
My friend said Virgil Thomson.
My friends all got sources, so why can't I see?
My friends, I am here to tell you of the wonderous continent known as Africa.
My future now hangs in between eigenstates.
My geometry teacher was sometimes acute, and sometimes obtuse, but always, always, he was right.
My get-up-and-go has got-up-and-went.
My girlfriend called me at work and asked me how you change a lightbulb in the bathroom.
My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful.
My godda bless, never I see sucha people.
My haircut is totally traditional!
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed, I never soiled with such a deed.
My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's elbows on the table.
My idea of roughing it is when room service is late.
My idea of roughing it turning the air conditioner too low.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
My jobs it always thrashes!
My kingdom for a horse!
My lad, said Troll, this bone I stole.
My life is a patio of fun!
My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?
My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights?
My message is not that biological determinists were bad scientists or even that they were always wrong.
My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say.
My mind can never know my body, although it has become quite friendly with my legs.
My mind is a potato field.
My mind is making ashtrays in Dayton.
My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, Mom, go for it!
My mother was a test tube; my father was a knife.
My mother was the travel agent for guilt trips.
My mother's uncle was a good man.
My nose feels like a bad Ronald Reagan movie.
My notion of a husband at forty is that a woman should be able to change him, like a bank note, for two twenties.
My only love sprung from my only hate!
My only response was to begin wearing a small Star of David on a chain around my neck.
My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them.
My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's.
My own feeling is that it is not crazy enough.
My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems, and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.
My own mind is my own Church.
My pants just went on a wild rampage through a Long Island Bowling Alley!
My pants just went to high school in the Carlsbad Caverns!
My parents went to Niagara Falls and all I got was this crummy life.
My parrot who was cordial Is now transmitting static.
My pen is at the bottom of a page, Which, being finished, here the story ends; 'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done, But stories somehow lengthen when begun.
My philosophy is: Don't think.
My players are just too stupid for me to deal with them, he told the unbelieving dean.
My polyvinyl cowboy wallet was made in Hong Kong by Montgomery Clift!
My predecessor did this for me, and I'll pass the tradition along to you, he said.
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.
My program touched him so deeply that he was speechless.
My pup, she murmured sadly, runneth over.
My ranting gets raves.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
My ritual differs slightly.
My schedule is already full.
My sense of purpose is gone!
My sex life is A-okay.
My shampoo lasts longer than my relationships.
My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii.
My sister, who was a good person, said, You're going to get it.
My soul is crushed, my spirit sore I do not like me anymore, I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse, I ponder on the narrow house I shudder at the thought of men I'm due to fall in love again.
My spirit, free to work without a plan, follows its own instinct.
My storage system's better than magnetic core polarity, You never have to bother checking out a bit for parity; There isn't any reason to install non-static floor matting; My disk drive has capacity for variable formatting.
My tax return is late.
My tears stuck in their little ducts, refusing to be jerked.
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away.
My uncle Murray conquered Egypt in 53 B.
My vampire told you he'd be hurt if you didn't let him?
My way of joking is to tell the truth.
My whole being exists in a formless void.
My wife and I are going to travel, Miller replied.
My wife is a gorgeous young actress who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends.
My wife is available.
My wife was sitting on a chair next to the bed, humming softly and watching the late afternoon sun filtering through the trees.
My wife's first husband.
My, how you've changed since I've changed.
Mysticism is based on the assumption that you can quit the game.
Mystics always hope that science will some day overtake them.
Mythology comes nearest to it of any.
N-ary the tree I am, I am, N-ary the tree I am.
NFS from a remote Linux machine in Paraguay doesn't seem to get the background colors right, you'll know who to thank.
NOTE: No warranties, either express or implied, are hereby given.
Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection.
Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.
Nancy, if you were my wife, I'd drink it.
Naomi, sex at noon taxes.
Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity.
Nasrudin replied, Tell your master that next time he goes out, he should not leave his face at the window.
Nasrudin returned to his village from the imperial capital, and the villagers gathered around to hear what had passed.
Nasrudin said, First things first.
Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve him.
Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, The moon is more useful than the sun.
Nasrudin was carrying home a piece of liver and the recipe for liver pie.
Nasrudin was first in line.
Nasrudin withdrew to his chambers, and spent an hour trying to bite his own ear.
National security is in your hands - guard it well.
Natural laws have no pity.
Natural selection won't matter soon, not anywhere as much as concious selection.
Naturally, in the course of the day, an insight occurred to him.
Nature abhors a hero.
Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where, it cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs.
Nature is very un-American.
Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be tolerated until they acquire some sense.
Nature never hurries.
Nature to all things fixed the limits fit, And wisely curbed proud man's pretending wit.
Nature, in her infinite wisdom, is presumably working on it.
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
Naw, I gotta git outa here, boy, the man grunted.
Nay not so, Replied the angel.
Nazis or Hitler approaches one.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.
Necessity has no law.
Necessity hath no law.
Necessity is a mother.
Necessity is the mother of futile dodges is much nearer the truth.
Necessity is the mother of invention is a silly proverb.
Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.
Neckties strangle clear thinking.
Needs are a function of what other people have.
Negative expectations yield negative results.
Neglect of duty does not cease, by repetition, to be neglect of duty.
Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more people than any other aspect of data processing.
Neither Has the World!
Neither be cyclical about results; for in the face of all data analysis it is sure to be noticed.
Neither do they throw parties for the urban proletariat.
Neither does the lack of rank.
Neither profession provides any added value to product.
Neither sound nor thoughts can travel through a vacuum.
Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.
Nelson if he really wanted to share the limited opportunities of a then-small company with another designer.
Nemo me impune lacessit.
Neronic doodling while the system burns.
Neurotics build castles in the sky, Psychotics live in them, And psychiatrists collect the rent.
Neutrinos are into physicists.
Neutrinos have bad breadth.
Never accept an invitation from a stranger unless he gives you candy.
Never appeal to a man's better nature.
Never argue with a fool.
Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
Never arrive on time, or you will be stamped a beginner.
Never ascribe to malice that which is caused by greed and ignorance.
Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.
Never ask two questions in a business letter.
Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Never bestow profanity upon a driver who has wronged you.
Never buy from a rich salesman.
Never buy what you do not want because it is cheap; it will be dear to you.
Never call a man a fool.
Never commit yourself!
Never copy what you can trace.
Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.
Never discuss business with anyone who refuses to give his name.
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Never draw what you can copy.
Never drink coke in a moving elevator.
Never eat anything bigger than your head.
Never eat at a place called Mom's.
Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal.
Never eat on an empty stomach.
Never eat rutabaga on any day of the week that has a y in it.
Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
Never face facts; if you do, you'll never get up in the morning.
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
Never fry bacon in the nude.
Never get into fights with ugly people because they have nothing to lose.
Never give a sucker an even break or smarten up a chump.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Never goose a wolverine.
Never have children, only grandchildren.
Never have so many known so much about people for whom they cared so little.
Never have so many understood so little about so much.
Never having to say you're sorry.
Never heard of such a thing.
Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.
Never in the history of war have so few been led by so many.
Never include a Followup-to: line in the header, since some people might miss part of the valuable discussion in the fringe groups.
Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.
Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting.
Never keep up with the Joneses.
Never kick a man, unless he's down.
Never laugh at live dragons, Bilbo you fool!
Never laugh at live dragons.
Never leave anything to chance; make sure all your crimes are premeditated.
Never leave the table hungry.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Never let someone who says it cannot be done interrupt the person who is doing it.
Never let your schooling interfere with your education.
Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
Never make any mistaeks.
Never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
Never mind, forget it!
Never mix whiskey with anything but water.
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
Never open a box you didn't close.
Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.
Never play cards with a man named Doc.
Never play pool with anyone named Fats.
Never promise more than you can perform.
Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
Never reveal your best argument.
Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.
Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on that subject.
Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.
Never supposed to happen.
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
Never tell people how to do things.
Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
Never test merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.
Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.
Never trust a child farther than you can throw it.
Never trust a computer bigger than you can lift.
Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.
Never trust an automatic pistol or a D.
Never trust an operating system.
Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.
Never trust anyone who says money is no object.
Never try to draw to an inside straight.
Never try to explain computers to a layman.
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
Never try to teach a pig to sing.
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
Never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
Never use it after a big meal.
Never use your thumb for a rule.
Never volunteer for anything.
Never worry about theory as long as the machinery does what it's supposed to do.
Never wouldn't ever do a binary.
Never write anything down that might go into a Pearl Harbor File.
Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're absolutely sure they'll never find out the truth.
Never, ever use repetitive redundancies.
New England Life, of course.
New Hampshire law forbids you to tap your feet, nod your head, or in any way keep time to the music in a tavern, restaurant, or cafe.
New Jersey had first choice.
New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his age, and his wife most often reminds him to act it.
New York Area Skeptics, Inc.
New York Times food critic Mimi Sheraton says The kosher dill really changed my life.
New York is a jungle, they tell you.
New York now leads the world's great cities in the number of people around whom you shouldn't make a sudden move.
New York sent out his ten copies and within a month had enough hardware and software to build a Cray dedicated to playing Zork.
New York's got the ways and means; Just won't let you be.
New Yorkerese for expensive.
New members are urgently needed in the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Yourself.
New mother picks up and suckles her son.
New systems generate new problems.
Newark, and you must pay thousands of dollars if you want to fly back out.
Newell has now tossed 5 shutouts this quarter.
News about the release had been leaked by a German hacker group, Harmonious Hardware Hackers, who had cracked into the author's computer earlier in the week.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.
Next best is a sysop who is loved.
Next contestant, please.
Next day he was buried I'm close, he muttered.
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund.
Next to burying bones, the thing a dog enjoys mosts is tripping joggers.
Next, his name is Polish sounding.
Next, one who is feared.
Next, the Governor sought the advice of Hakuin, crying: As our enemies bear down upon us, how shall I, with such heartless and callow soldiers as I am heir to, hope to withstand the impending onslaught?
Next, the arrival of voodoo optico transmitigational magneto killer paramecium, capable of teleporting from cable to cable, screen to screen, ear to ear and hoof to mouth.
Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool.
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
Nice Guy, They say He's sick, he's obscene.
Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
Nice guys don't always finish last; sometimes they don't finish.
Nice guys don't finish nice.
Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
Nice guys finish last.
Nice try anyway, George.
Nietzsche is pietzsche, but Schiller is killer, and Goethe is moethe.
Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again.
Night is here so I must close.
Night passed into morning.
Night under Night is flown, and the Gate is open!
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
Nine megs for the secretaries fair, Seven megs for the hackers scarce, Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs, Three megs for system source; One disk to rule them all, One disk to bind them, One disk to hold the files And in the darkness grind 'em.
Nine months later, they were blessed with a healthy baby son.
Nine years of ballet, asshole.
Ninety percent of baseball is half mental.
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
Ninety percent of the time things turn out worse than you thought they would.
Ninety percent of the time things will turn out worse than you expect.
Nip out the back door.
Nitwit ideas are for emergencies.
No Barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
No Civil War picture ever made a nickel.
No How about: Would you like to take something?
No Reader Service No.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
No action is without side-effects.
No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No animal should ever jump on the dining room furniture unless absolutely certain he can hold his own in conversation.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
No cat has eight tails.
No change in management can harm him.
No character, however upright, is a match for constantly reiterated attacks, however false.
No child throws up in the bathroom.
No computer can handle that kind of stress,'' explained the mourning sunsite manager, Erik Troan.
No country should be so long without one.
No cute baby in a carriage is ever a girl when called one.
No dark bit-flipping for debugging Hey!
No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon lectures which are really worth the attending.
No discussion of fifth appendage!
No doubt it has something to do with a deep-seated personality defect, or maybe a kink in whatever blood vessel leads into the pineal gland.
No evil can happen to a good man.
No excellent soul is exempt from a mixture of madness.
No excuse for laying off work.
No extensible language will be universal.
No female shall appear in a bathing suit at any airport in this State unless she is escorted by two officers or unless she is armed with a club.
No friendship is so cordial or so delicious as that of girl for girl; no hatred so intense or immovable as that of woman for woman.
No good deed goes unpunished.
No great effort was ever bought.
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large.
No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that he will not become a nuisance after three days.
No hardware designer should be allowed to produce any piece of hardware until three software guys have signed off for it.
No house is childproofed unless the little darlings are in straitjackets.
No house should ever be on any hill or on anything.
No job too big; no fee too big!
No justice, please, curse ye!
No link edit for external bindings Hey!
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
No live poultry, please.
No man can have a reasonable opinion of women until he has long lost interest in hair restorers.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.
No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
No man is useless who has a friend, and if we are loved we are indispensable.
No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
No man's ambition has a right to stand in the way of performing a simple act of justice.
No manual is ever necessary.
No matter how assured we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions.
No matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up.
No matter how old a mother is, she watches her middle-aged children for signs of improvement.
No matter how small-ish!
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously cramp his style.
No matter how you arrange the statements, you can't make a syntax error.
No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.
No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.
No matter what other nations may say about the United States, immigration is still the sincerest form of flattery.
No matter what the result someone is always eager to misinterpret it.
No matter where I go, the place is always called here.
No matter where you go, there you are.
No matter where you manage to sit, The man in the balcony will certainly spit.
No matter whether th' constitution follows th' flag or not, th' supreme court follows th' iliction returns.
No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.
No matter who you are, some scholar can show you the great idea you had was had by someone before you.
No more blah, blah, blah!
No one becomes depraved in a moment.
No one believed him, and they proceeded to place bets against the dog.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No one can guarantee the actions of another.
No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a dirty little beast.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one can put you down without your full cooperation.
No one consulted with me or considered my feelings in this matter.
No one else in town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
No one ever dies there.
No one ever expects anything drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.
No one gets sick on Wednesdays.
No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.
No one has Rights, neither machines nor flesh-and-blood.
No one has ever done it.
No one is fit to be trusted with power.
No one knows like a woman how to say things that are at once gentle and deep.
No one knows what he can do till he tries.
No one knows what the screwdriver is supposed to gain from this.
No one may kill a man.
No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the one who's giving it.
No one talks peace unless he's ready to back it up with war.
No one will have the remotest idea of what you're talking about, says Broughton, but the important thing is that they're not about to admit it.
No one will publish such rubbish!
No other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years.
No other warranty expressed or implied.
No painting, no music, no poem, no cathedral in stone, no church, no state was ever raised into being for payment of any kind.
No part of this message may reproduce, store itself in a retrieval system, or transmit disease, in any form, without the permissiveness of the author.
No parthenon, no Thermopylae was ever built or fought for pay or glory; no Bukhara sacked, or China ground beneath Mongol heel, for loot or power alone.
No pig should go sky diving during monsoon For this isn't really the norm.
No pig should go sky diving during monsoon, It's risky enough when the weather is fine.
No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets truth.
No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe their wish has been granted.
No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.
No problem is insoluble.
No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it.
No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.
No problem, he said, throwing a brick through the window and grabbing the coat.
No problem, her companion replied, throwing a brick through the window and grabbing the ring.
No problem, just post your message to a group that a lot of people read.
No program is perfect, They said with a shrug.
No provision for adjustment.
No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.
No rock so hard but that a little wave May beat admission in a thousand years.
No self-made man ever did such a good job that some woman didn't want to make some alterations.
No self-respecting fish would want to be wrapped in that kind of paper.
No sentence fragments.
No serious person will buy the notion that our lives are influenced individually by the movement of distant planets.
No sir, exclaimed the senior, but I sure was afraid that durned lawyer was gonna ask me if my lantern was lit.
No skis take rocks like rental skis!
No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary for that purpose to keep awake all day.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
No sooner had Edger Allen Poe Finished his old Raven, then he started his Old Crow.
No spitting on the Bus!
No such faith comforts the software engineer.
No time to lose, so certainly don't wait a day, or check to see if somebody else has made the correction.
No two persons ever read the same book.
No user-servicable parts inside.
No user-serviceable parts inside.
No wait, the Bash man page IS the bible.
No watch parts or anything.
No woman can call herself free until she can choose consciously whether she will or will not be a mother.
No woman can endure a gambling husband, unless he is a steady winner.
No woman ever falls in love with a man unless she has a better opinion of him than he deserves.
No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo.
No wonder you're tired!
No yak too dirty; no dumpster too hollow.
No, I don't have a drinking problem.
No, I know they're stolen, cried Florence.
No, I said he was shot in the lumbar region.
No, I'm a frayed knot.
No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain.
No, but I have a strange feeling that someday I will.
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.
No, he won't catch me, stupid ol' Slithery Dee.
No, his mind is not for rent To any god or government.
No, my friend, the way to have good and safe government, is not to trust it all to one, but to divide it among the many, distributing to every one exactly the functions he is competent to.
No, no, I don't mind being called the smartest man in the world.
No, no, he said: if I did, where should I have to spend my evenings?
No, no, my dear, said the president sleepily, in the Senate maybe, but not in the House.
No, not Richard Stallman, or Linus Torvalds, but God.
No, replied the petitioner, I wish you to create something that would justify them.
No, thank you, I don't want to be under obligation.
No, thank you, replied the gentleman.
No, thanks, smiled the young mother, I'm just looking for a name for my baby.
No, that's giving up.
No, the ability to get hung up on them.
No, the neighbors fled inland hours ago.
No, they're spiteful, Even our old friends put us down.
No, those are on my back, Colletti answered.
No, too stupid a fad.
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
No, you don't understand, the Knight said, looking a little vexed.
No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!
No-one would remember the Good Samaritan if he had only had good intentions.
Noah asks, Want to tell me how the trees helped?
Noah checks on the snakes again.
Noah decides to check up on the animals.
Noah follows their advice.
Noah lets all the animals out.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody can be exactly like me.
Nobody can give anybody enough.
Nobody did anything to the films; they just had a bad experience.
Nobody else has documentation.
Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.
Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.
Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.
Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years; people grow old only by deserting their ideals.
Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to listen to it, and, even better, nobody has to play it.
Nobody is one block of harmony.
Nobody knows anybody else's name; just the number in case it gets so bad you can't handle it alone.
Nobody knows the trouble I've been.
Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
Nobody knows what goes on in these places.
Nobody living can ever stop me, As I go walking that freedom highway; Nobody living can ever make me turn back, This land was made for you and me.
Nobody really knows what happiness is, until they're married.
Nobody really understands it.
Nobody said computers were going to be polite.
Nobody suffers the pain of birth or the anguish of loving a child in order for presidents to make wars, for governments to feed on the substance of their people, for insurance companies to cheat the young and rob the old.
Nobody takes a bribe.
Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens will ever be able to fit on a single planet.
Nobody wants constructive criticism.
Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
Nobody will see the stuff again.
Nobody's cut the grass in months.
Nobody's ever found any validity to it at all.
Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start coming in late and lying about it.
Noise proves nothing.
Non-Determinism is not meant to be reasonable.
Non-sequiturs make me eat lampshades.
Noncombatant: A dead Quaker.
Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.
None has ever caught him yet, for Tom, he is the master: His songs are stronger songs, and his feet are faster.
None love the bearer of bad news.
None of our men are experts.
None of the animals turned into oil, although most of the laboratory rats developed cancer.
None of us are here to answer the phone and the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible.
None: The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
Noone ever built a statue to a critic.
Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.
Nor could storm or wind uproot him.
Nor did they detect any of the spades, chisels, water hoses and electric drills amassed by the inmates in large quantities.
Nor does Walter's horse is a thing which could have wings conversely imply It could be that Walter's horse has wings; for it might be that Walter's horse could only have wings by not being Walter's horse.
Nor have we wood for a coffin.
Nor shall I be passing Old Man Willow's house this side of spring-time, not till the merry spring, when the River-daughter dances down the withy-path to bathe in the water.
Norbert Weiner was the subject of many dotty professor stories.
Normal times may possibly be over forever.
Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other reason than self-protection.
North Pacific, South Pacific.
North of the South End is East Boston and southwest of East Boston is the North End.
Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none.
Not a program was working not even a browse.
Not all men who drink are poets.
Not all who own a harp are harpers.
Not at all like proper children, which is always very slow; For he sometimes shoots up taller, like an india-rubber ball, And he sometimes gets so little that there's none of him at all.
Not by killing others.
Not compatible with previous version.
Not enough dough,'' says the author, although spokesmen at both Prentice-Hall and Playboy, Inc.
Not even if your wedding ring falls in there.
Not every problem someone has with his girlfriend is necessarily due to the capitalist mode of production.
Not every question deserves an answer.
Not everyone makes the same assumptions.
Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.
Not firmly convinced about the caller's claim to sobriety, members of the constabulary drove to the scene, expecting to pick up a drunk.
Not if you love your wife.
Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't need that.
Not in this dreadful dry desert!
Not one hundred percent efficient, of course.
Not only do the schools and the media not teach much skepticism, there is also little encouragement of this stirring sense of wonder.
Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son, man.
Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends.
Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
Not only is it inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off if you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to direct sunlight.
Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
Not reporting such income can lead to prosecution for perjury and fraud.
Not responsible for direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error or failure to perform.
Not so, said the programmer, when designing an accounting package, the programmer operates as a mediator between people having different ideas: how it must operate, how its reports must appear, and how it must conform to the tax laws.
Not that long ago, it was Reagan's support of Creationism.
Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but.
Not to be loved; never to have shown love.
Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long!
Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand.
Not to me, the husband may reply.
Not to mention its gender.
Not to mention, butterfly would be flutterby.
Not too bad, replied Diogenes.
Not too well, said the expectant mother.
Not wanting to miss any of the first inning, he went to the ticket booth and got in a long line for another seat.
Note that for 360 compatibility, all input lines are truncated to 80 characters.
Note the use of exclamation points!
Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.
Note: The converse of Pudder's law is not true.
Notes for a ballet, The Spell:.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Nothing but a partial and limited view of the question could lead to the opinion that harm can result: if there be harm, it will be much more than counterbalanced by good.
Nothing can be better.
Nothing can be done in one trip.
Nothing can lift those seven milestones from man's neck but money; and the spirit cannot soar until the milestones are lifted.
Nothing cheers a woman more, I am afraid, than the proof that another woman is letting herself go, or has lost control of her figure, or is clearly driving her husband crazy, or is obviously drinking more than is good for her, or still doesn't know what to wear.
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.
Nothing else seems to work.
Nothing endures but change.
Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced.
Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
Nothing ever goes away.
Nothing ever ran this slow before.
Nothing in any existing court was ever more thoroughly proved than the charges of witchcraft and sorcery for which so many suffered death.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
Nothing in life is to be feared.
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan.
Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.
Nothing is but what is not.
Nothing is easier than to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult than to understand him.
Nothing is ever a complete failure.
Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.
Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
Nothing is faster than the speed of light.
Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.
Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which millionaires tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
Nothing lasts forever.
Nothing makes a person more productive than the last minute.
Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.
Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
Nothing motivates a man more than to see his boss put in an honest day's work.
Nothing recedes like success.
Nothing shortens a journey so pleasantly as an account of misfortunes at which the hearer is permitted to laugh.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
Nothing succeeds like excess.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Nothing that's forced can ever be right, If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first overcome.
Nothing, for he didn't recognize them.
Nothing, nothing, nothing, no error, no crime is so absolutely repugnant to God as everything which is official; and why?
Notice I say shop for, as opposed to obtain.
Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly along it at the water's edge.
Notwithstanding cold and hounds and traps, his race survives.
November 23, 1915 Pancake make-up is invented; most people continue to prefer syrup.
Now Africa is full of big game.
Now I don't blame him 'cause he ran and hid, But the meanest thing that he ever did, Was before he left he went and named me Sue.
Now I had improved the program to the point where it would not run at all.
Now I have a promising future and make really big Zorkmids.
Now I know someone out there is going to claim, Well then, UNIX is intuitive, because you only need to learn 5000 commands, and then everything else follows from that!
Now I know what those doctors were wearing masks for.
Now I lay me back to sleep.
Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the double lock will keep; May no brick through the window break, And, no one rob me till I awake.
Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep, If I should die before I wake, I'll cry in anguish, Mistake!
Now I lay me down to study, I pray the Lord I won't go nutty.
Now I love the stuff.
Now I tell you, I've fought tougher men, But I really can't remember when: He kicked like a mule and he bit like a crocodile.
Now I understand the meaning of THE MOD SQUAD!
Now I was heading, in my hot cage, down towards meat-market country on the tip of the West Village.
Now I'm beginning to believe it.
Now I'm concentrating on a specific tank battle toward the end of World War II!
Now I'm remembering, those giant piles of computer magazines right next to People and Time in the airport store.
Now I've got the bead on you with MY disintegrating gun.
Now all you have to do is bend a disk.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
Now are you satisfied?
Now begin thy magic spell!
Now blow this thing so we can all go home.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters, And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Now doesn't gay shlafen have a softer, more soothing sound than the harsh, staccato go to sleep?
Now every Tom, Dick and Harry will get pregnant.
Now everyone's doing it.
Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with eager feet, Until it joins some larger way Where many paths and errands meet.
Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure; Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind the railroad yards.
Now here's something you're really going to like!
Now is the time for all good men to come to.
Now is the time for drinking; now the time to beat the earth with unfettered foot.
Now is the time for senseless bickering.
Now it looks like I'm the only one moving.
Now it may interest you to know that there are 11,998 people in jail, so that leaves just 2 people to carry the load.
Now it's all designed, to blow our minds, But our minds won't be really be blown; Like the blow that'll get'cha, when you get your picture, On the cover of the Rolling Stone.
Now it's chrono- logically experienced citizens.
Now it's time to say goodbye To all our company.
Now let me get this right: two prisoners are looking out the window.
Now let the fun begin!
Now let the song begin!
Now look what you've gone and done!
Now my car goes 500 miles an hour.
Now no matter, child, the name Sorrow's springs are the same: It is the blight man was born for, It is Margaret you mourn for.
Now of my threescore years and ten, Twenty will not come again, And take from seventy springs a score, It leaves me only fifty more.
Now select a large mixing bowl, measuring cup, etc.
Now that day wearies me, My yearning desire Will receive more kindly, Like a tired child, the starry night.
Now that should be a sufficiently long time for astrologers to prove their case.
Now that you've read Fortune's diet truths, you'll be prepared the next time some housewife or boutique-owner-turned-diet-expert appears on TV to plug her latest book.
Now that's good journalism.
Now the lobby chairs are soft, With no place to go.
Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his brain-attic.
Now there are ten thousand languages.
Now there's a violent movie titled, The Croquet Homicide, or Murder With Mallets Aforethought.
Now there's three things you can do in a baseball game: you can win or you can lose or it can rain.
Now this is a totally brain damaged algorithm.
