In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
In fact, to life in general.
In fact, you can solve many home plumbing problems, such as annoying faucet drip, merely by turning up the radio.
In fiction the recourse of the powerless is murder; in life the recourse of the powerless is petty theft.
In general, these attitudes fall onto friendly American turf.
In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker know the truth of the matter about which he is to speak?
In his eyes you see no pride, hands hang loosely at his side Yesterdays papers, telling yesterdays news.
In his head he ran through his standard explanations.
In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life.
In it his mind floated freely, able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed, undistracted by any outside disturbances.
In it, Fletcher claims that he was the first to do the experiment with oil drops, was the first to measure charges on single droplets, and may have been the first to suggest the use of oil.
In just seven days, I can make you a man!
In kernel as it is in user!
In less than a century, computers will be making substantial progress on.
In like a dimwit, out like a light.
In love, she who gives her portrait promises the original.
In many cases they develop into real love relationships.
In many restaurants, this means the waiter will actually owe you money.
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
In matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved.
In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current.
In meditation, delve deep into the heart.
In most countries selling harmful things like drugs is punishable.
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
In my circle, that means class.
In my end is my beginning.
In my experience most of them are trash.
In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending your left leg, it's modern architecture.
In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above.
In my line you don't have to.
In my opinion, Richard Stallman wouldn't recognise terrorism if it came up and bit him on his Internet.
In one I'm enlightened, in the other I ain't.
In order not to give Good Samaritanism a bad name, Miss Manners asks you to allow her two or three rainy days of unmolested protection before making your attack.
In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders.
In order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension.
In order to discover anything, you must be looking for something.
In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is; you're what's left.
In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.
In order to have a game, something has to be more important than something else.
In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.
In order to succeed in any enterprise, one must be persistent and patient.
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
In our own time, The Dictionary of National Biography notes that his work is mainly remarkable for its mass, fluidity and flatness.
In our winter city the rain cries a little pity For one more forgotten hero and a world that doesn't care.
In person, they are like enormous hooved rats.
In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia, happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.
In practice, there is.
In real love you want the other person's good.
In reality all core dumps happen at the same instant, so the core dump you will have tomorrow, why, it already happened.
In recognition of this achievement, the Home Secretary commuted Lee's sentence to life imprisonment.
In reply, the Captain said, Send: I'm a Captain, change course 20 degrees!
In reply, the Grand Tortue grasped the loop between his feet and, with a few simple manipulations, created a complex string which he proferred wordlessly to the monk.
In respect to lock-making, there can scarcely be such a thing as dishonesty of intention: the inventor produces a lock which he honestly thinks will possess such and such qualities; and he declares his belief to the world.
In romantic love you want the other person.
In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really good argument; my position is mistaken,' and then they actually change their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.
In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.
In short, committment to an institution.
In short, my program writes itself.
In short, there is no demonstrated phenomenon that needs explanation.
In some circles it is even encouraged.
In space, no one can hear you fart.
In specifications, Murphy's Law supersedes Ohm's.
In spite of everything, I still believe that people are good at heart.
In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
In table tennis, whoever gets 21 points first wins.
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
In that case, it will take two years.
In that lawsuit, you will lose.
In the 16th century the printed book helped make possible the split between Catholics and Protestants.
In the 20th century this history of tragedy and triumph is repeating itself as a farce.
In the Halls of Justice the only justice is in the halls.
In the Old West a wagon train is crossing the plains.
In the Soviet Union, the answer was What's an opinion?
In the Soviet Union, under the law, everything is prohibited, including that which is permitted.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
In the abstract, yes, but not in the concrete.
In the analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
In the audience was Alfred Cortot, the brilliant pianist, who volunteered and made his way to the stage.
In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.
In the beginning the Universe was created.
In the beginning there was data.
In the beginning there was nothing.
In the beginning there was only one kind of Mathematician, created by the Great Mathamatical Spirit form the Book: the Topologist.
In the beginning was the Tao.
In the beginning, I was made.
In the black wind the stars shall die, and still on gold here let them lie, till the dark lord lifts his hand over dead sea and withered land.
In the broad and final sense all institutions are educational in the sense that they operate to form the attitudes, dispositions, abilities and disabilities that constitute a concrete personality.
In the course of his duties in August 1977, a Dutch veterinary surgeon was required to treat an ailing cow.
In the course of reading Hadamard's The Psychology of Invention in the Mathematical Field, I have come across evidence supporting a fact which we coffee achievers have long appreciated: no really creative, intelligent thought is possible without a good cup of coffee.
In the course of their arguments, they got all the way back to the Garden of Eden, whereupon the doctor said, The medical profession is clearly the oldest, because Eve was made from Adam's rib, as the story goes, and that was a simply incredible surgical feat.
In the days when Sussman was a novice Minsky once came to him as he sat hacking at the PDP-6.
In the dimestores and bus stations People talk of situations Read books repeat quotations Draw conclusions on the wall.
In the early morning queue, With a listing in my hand.
In the east there is a shark which is larger than all other fish.
In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300.
In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
In the final analysis, one receives the distinct impression that the poem's length could safely have been reduced by a factor of eight or ten without sacrificing any of its meaning.
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made school boards.
In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in the proper order then why can't he?
In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals.
In the land of the dark the Ship of the Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
In the lobby, some players got into a heated argument about who was the brightest, the fastest, and the best chess player in the world.
In the long run we are all dead.
In the long run, every program becomes rococco, and then rubble.
In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
In the middle of a wide field is a pot of gold.
In the middle of the night, Bessie nudged Eli.
In the midst of one of the wildest parties he'd ever been to, the young man noticed a very prim and pretty girl sitting quietly apart from the rest of the revelers.
In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not displeasing to us.
In the next world, you're on your own.
In the olden days in England, you could be hung for stealing a sheep or a loaf of bread.
In the past year strange and fearful wonders I have seen.
In the pathway or the morrows.
In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and struggled and had lots of children.
In the rare event that you post a followup which contains something original, make sure you expand the list of groups.
In the realm of scientific observation, luck is granted only to those who are prepared.
In the realm of the Apple Macintosh, as in Catholic Europe, worshipers peer devoutly into screens filled with icons.
In the same mail that brought the greetings from Marcia and Philip, my friend found such a conversation piece.
In the sciences, we are now uniquely priviledged to sit side by side with the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
In the shopping mall of the mind, he's in the toy department.
In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
In the state of Massachusetts, this is the same number as that used for Social Security, unless you object to such use.
In the time it has taken you to read this sentence so far, an electron could have traveled all the way from San Francisco to Hackensack, New Jersey, although God alone knows why it would want to.
In the war of wits, he's unarmed.
In their labors they will have to avail themselves of those forces which are capable of cultivating the Good, the True, and the Beautiful in humanity itself.
In their struggle for the ethical good, teachers of religion must have the stature to give up the doctrine of a personal God, that is, give up that source of fear and hope which in the past placed such vast powers in the hands of priests.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.
In these matters the only certainty is that there is nothing certain.
In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to like them, and I'm old-fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely baroque feel to a continent.
In this respect, it is very similar to COBOL.
In this state, it's against the law to bury two people in the same grave.
In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.
In this world there are only two tragedies.
In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
In those days, spirits were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
In town a noun might wear a gown, or further down, might dress a clown.
In truth, there are atoms and a void.
In twenty-eight papers, only the rarest kind of luck will turn up more than two or three articles of any interest.
In war it is not men, but the man who counts.
In war, truth is the first casualty.
In war, you can only be killed once.
In what furnace was thy brain?
In which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?
In wine there is truth.
In work, be competent.
Inadmissible: Not competent to be considered.
Include the entire text with your article, and include your comments between the lines.
Increase the system load.
Increased knowledge will help you now.
Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even suggesting that the sweet singer was semi-literate.
Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.
Indeed the winters are fierce.
Indeed, I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them have it.
Indeed, it is difficult to appreciate how far our freedoms might have eroded had it not been for the Union's valiant representation in the courts of the constitutional rights of people of all persuasions, no matter how unpopular or even despised by the majority they were at the time.
Indeed, the banality of existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to discuss it any further here.
Indeed, the world is ruled by little else.
Indeed, unless the billboards fall I'll never see a tree at all.
Indiana is a state dedicated to basketball.
Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?
Indifferent to type of drink.
Individualists unite!
Individuals vary, but percentages remain constant.
Indomitable in retreat; invincible in advance; insufferable in victory.
Induce them to relinquish the spheroid.
Induction techniques are very popular, even the military used them.
Industry gossip, however, tells that Bill Gates, co-founder and CEO of Microsoft, producer of the Windows series of video games, has visited Helsinki several times this year.
Infalliable doctrine issues from one executive officer whose selection occurs in a sealed boardroom.
Infidels in all ages have battled for the rights of man, and have at all times been the fearless advocates of liberty and justice.
Infinite and Absolute; and that, knowing nothing, he had better not be dogmatic about his ignorance.
Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down.
Information Center, n.
Information deteriorates upward through bureaucracies.
Information is the inverse of entropy.
Inheritance taxes are getting so out of line, that the deceased family often doesn't have a legacy to stand on.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one likes oneself.
Innovation is hard to schedule.
Inquiries later revealed that a minus sign had been omitted from the instructions fed into the computer.
Inquiry is fatal to certainty.
Insanity is considered a ground for divorce, though by the very same token it is the shortest detour to marriage.
Insanity is hereditary.
Insanity is the final defense.
Insert broom handle down back of jacket.
Inside a chicken coop.
Inside a dog it's too dark to read.
Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.
Inside of a VAX on a silicon square.
Inside of a dog, it is too dark to read.
Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care what I say, I ask, if it matters, that you be forgiven for anything you may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness.
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.
Instead I have to go on painting all day long.
Instead of altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts to fit their views.
Instead of answering, the hunter showed the ranger his game bag, which contained twelve more loons.
Instead of feeling complimented when we are called an ass, we are left in doubt.
Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything?
Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
Instead, I used subroutines.
Instead, he made string after string by Tortue's method; and he passed the method on to his own disciples, who passed it on to theirs.
Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone directory containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning with the word National.
Insufficient facts always invite danger.
Insults are effective only where emotion is present.
Insurance companies understand this behavior, and price their policies accordingly.
Integrated Development That' to get to gcc, Emacs, and gdb.
Integrated circuit circuits?
Integrity has no need for rules.
Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
Intel engineering seem to have misheard Intel marketing strategy.
Intel systems, Linux, has employed a number of top programmers from the underground world of virus development.
Intellect annuls Fate.
Intelligence of mankind decreasing.
Intelligence without character is a dangerous thing.
Interchangeable parts won't.
Interest in the engram has declined substantially since that time.
Interesting poll results reported in today's New York Post: people on the street in midtown Manhattan were asked whether they approved of the US invasion of Grenada.
Interesting survey in the current Journal of Abnormal Psychology: New York City has a higher percentage of people you shouldn't make any sudden moves around than any other city in the world.
International Business Machines Corp.
Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright, non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works best, write it down and make that the standard.
Into a snugglin', lovin' heap, With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.
Intrigued, he drove up to the farmhouse, where he found an old farmer sitting in the yard watching the pig.
Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor.
Intuition, however illogical, is recognized as a command prerogative.
Invoke the Unix program!
Invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage.
Inwardly, he is being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians.
Iowans ask why Minnesotans don't drink more Kool-Aid.
Irrigation of the land with sewater desalinated by fusion power is ancient.
Is Tao in a hand-held calculator?
Is YOUR life a PATIO of FUN?
Is a Nissan male or female?
Is a computer language with goto's totally Wirth-less?
Is a cup of cheer from the hand of a friend.
Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?
Is a tattoo real, like a curb or a battleship?
Is a wedding successful if it comes off without a hitch?
Is but the bad one leaves undone.
Is death legally binding?
Is he the MAGIC INCA carrying a FROG on his shoulders?
Is illegal fishing is something only a daring criminal would do?
Is it because of that song?
Is it clean in other dimensions?
Is it not a spectacle to make the angels laugh?
Is it one of those three-cornered things?
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?
Is it really you, Fuzz, or is it Memorex, or is it radiation sickness?
Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?
Is it something I said?
Is it steady or moving astern?
Is it true, asked the student, that PL-1 has many of the same data types as Lisp?
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
Is knowledge knowable?
Is laughing behind your back.
Is my baby all right?
Is my fallout shelter termite proof?
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out, and such as are out wish to get in?
Is she at home enjoying capitalism?
Is simultaneously alive and dead!
Is somebody complaining about the guns?
Is that guy still here?
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Is that you will quickly begonio.
Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
Is the Tao in a video game?
Is the one staring back from the glass.
Is the work of some mere individual mind likely to serve the aims of collectively accepted compromises, which are known in the schools as 'standards'?
Is there a better way to die?
Is there a play from Shaw this morning?
Is there life before breakfast?
Is this Steven Wright?
Is this an out-take from the BRADY BUNCH?
Is this going to involve RAW human ecstasy?
Is this how God came into being?
Is this really happening?
Is this sexual intercourse yet?
Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder?
Is truth not truth for all?
Is uniformity attainable?
Is your garden full of snails?
Isn't air travel wonderful?
Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists?
Isn't it ironic that many men spend a great part of their lives avoiding marriage while single-mindedly pursuing those things that would make them better prospects?
Isn't it nice that people who prefer Los Angeles to San Francisco live there?
Isn't it strange that the same people that laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?
Isn't that where the fruit is?
Israel today announced that it is giving up.
Ist nicht fur gewerken by das dummkopfen.
It ain't over until it's over.
It ain't so much the things we don't know that get us in trouble.
It all began early yesterday when Sale police received a telephone call: You won't believe this, and I'm not drunk, but there's a wombat in the phone booth outside the town hall, the caller said.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club near your person at all times.
It also teaches us how an electrical circuit works.
It always gives the test first and the instruction afterward.
It always makes people think that he beats her when they're alone.
It appears that after his death, Albert Einstein found himself working as the doorkeeper at the Pearly Gates.
It became fashionable, when one wanted to have a drink, to take out the ruble and say, Oh my goodness, Comrades, Lenin tells me we should go.
It begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.
It came before the first kernel.
It can also be maintained that it is best to provide the machine with the best sense organs that money can buy, and then teach it to understand and speak English.
It can always be used as a bad example.
It can be seen from 10,000 feet, silhouetted against the snow.
It can begin in the mind and affect the body, or it can begin in the body and affect the mind, both of which are served by the same bloodstream.
It can damage the vessel in which it is stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.
It can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.
It can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss.
It can only lead to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with royal-blue chickens.
It can't make things any worse.
It cannot be condoned.
It cannot be ruled by interfering.
It cannot be seen, cannot be felt, Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt.
It cannot be too ear- nestly urged, that an acquaintance with real facts will, in the end, be better for all parties.
It cannot be too earnestly urged, that an acquaintance with real facts will, in the end, be better for all parties.
It changes into a bird whose winds are like clouds filling the sky.
It comes first and follows after, Ends life, kills laughter.
It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
It comes only with time.
It compiles without errors.
It confuses the public.
It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
It contain 14,768 vaguely amusing SIT-COM pilots!
It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's statecraft.
It costs a lot to build bad products.
It could also be rigged to inflate whenever the congressman proposed a law.
It could be YOUR thesis project.
It could be that Walter's horse has wings does not imply that there is any such animal as Walter's horse, only that there could be; but Walter's horse is a thing which could have wings does imply Walter's horse's existence.
It could be worse, but it'll take time.
It could happen to you.
It dehumanizes those who achieve it, and makes difficult their commerce with just plain folks, in whom good old common sense has not been obliterated by mere book learning or fancy notions.
It demands no social reforms.
It depends on how many bad ones he brought with him.
It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
It did not occur to me that my being with two men continuously would interest anyone or arouse anyone's misgivings.
It didn't even look good on paper.
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God.
It does not belong to things known: nor to things unknown.
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.
It does not exist in nature.
It does not haggle over expenditures on armaments and military equipment.
It does not matter if you fall down as long as you pick up something from the floor while you get up.
It does not seek fame, therefore nobody knows its presence.
It does not seeks fortune, for it is complete within itself.
It does not seem too much use being anything else.
It does not stand still for long, and it is never boring.
It doesn't even get up until 5 or 6 PM.
It doesn't generate revenue.
It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are human and change is sometimes painful.
It doesn't have a five.
It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've done and what you're going to do.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes up, you'd better be running.
It doesn't much signify whom one marries for one is sure to find out next morning it was someone else.
It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out next morning it was someone else.
It don't mean a THING if you ain't got that SWING!
It either works, or it does not.
It eliminates dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the business of hate, debauchery, and self-annihilation.
It exists beyond space and time.
It extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great.
It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons, insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
It follows, therefore, that writing about databases is not only unnatural, but a lot harder than it appears.
It gets fried, scattered far and wide.
It gets late early out there.
It gives the illusion that your life is more interesting than it really is.
It goes on and on, choices, choices.
It got to the point where I had to get a haircut or both feet firmly planted in the air.
It had forgotten the words.
It had to be a case, because I couldn't afford a desk.
It hangs down from the chandelier Nobody knows quite what it does Its color is odd and its shape is weird It emits a high-sounding buzz It grows a couple of feet each day and wriggles with sort of a twitch Nobody bugs it 'cause it comes from a visiting uncle who's rich!
It happened that a fire broke out backstage in a theater.
It has You are here written all over it.
It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
It has been clear for a long time that the president is averse to science.
It has been justly observed by sages of all lands that although a man may be most happily married and continue in that state with the utmost contentment, it does not necessarily follow that he has therefore been struck stone-blind.
It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends and getting people under the influence.
It has been said that man is a rational animal.
It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.
It has been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is the message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.
It has been universally established as the amount of magic needed to create one small white pigeon or three normal sized billiard balls.
It has been widely recognized that AI programs require expert knowledge in order to perform well in complex domains.
It has been, at all times and everywhere, the habitual and incorrigible defender of bad governments, bad laws, bad social theories, bad institutions.
It has even stopped hoping for employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference between the men's room and the women's room without having little pictures on the doors.
It has its dark side, and it has its light side.
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
It has long been an article of our folklore that too much knowledge or skill, or especially consummate expertise, is a bad thing.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the manes of horses.
It has long been noticed that juries are pitiless for robbery and full of indulgence for infanticide.
It has to constantly move forward or it dies.
It has to start with committed individuals and then grow.
It hitched its waggin' to a star.
It introduces a standard language for computer typography, and in terms of importance could rank near the introduction of the Gutenberg press.
It involves a sense of future, a belief that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on, rather than out.
It is Fortune, not Wisdom, that rules man's life.
It is Texas law that when two trains meet each other at a railroad crossing, each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed until the other has gone.
It is a cheap word because it requires no explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of thought on every occasion.
It is a hard matter, my fellow citizens, to argue with the belly, since it has no ears.
It is a human characteristic to love little animals, especially if they're attractive in some way.
It is a lesson which all history teaches wise men, to put trust in ideas, and not in circumstances.
It is a many-stranded texture, with color and depth.
It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and can distend to any extent.
It is a period of system war.
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate the habit of thinking about what we are doing.
It is a sin to believe evil of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years.
It is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but it is also very memorable.
It is a well known fact that warriors and wizards do not get along, because one side considers the other side to be a collection of bloodthirsty idiots who can't walk and think at the same time, while the other side is naturally suspicious of a body of men who mumble a lot and wear long dresses.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
It is acquired wisdom and experience only that teach incredulity, and they very seldom teach it enough.
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
It is against the law for a monster to enter the corporate limits of Urbana, Illinois.
It is all right to hold a conversation, but you should let go of it now and then.
It is always preferable to visit home with a friend.
It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
It is an ice cream koan.
It is an important and popular fact that things are not always what they seem.
It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended time basis.
It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
It is as phony as numerology, phrenology, palmistry, alchemy, the reading of tea leaves, and the practice of divination by the entrails of a goat.
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
It is because we are not the person involved.
It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it.
It is better never to have been born.
It is better to be a young June-bug than an old bird of paradise.
It is better to be bow-legged than no-legged.
It is better to be seen at the opera with a man than at mass with a woman.
It is better to be the reorganizer than the reorganizee.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.
It is better to have lobbed and lost than never to have lobbed at all.
It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It is better to have tried and failed than to have failed to try, but the result's the same.
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.
It is better to live rich than to die rich.
It is better to never have tried anything than to have tried something and failed.
It is better to remain childless than to father an orphan.
It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.
It is better to wear chains than to believe you are free, and weight yourself down with invisible chains.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is bloated out of shape with vice-presidents and accountants.
It is by dividing and subdividing these republics from the national one down through all its subordinations, until it ends in the administration of every man's farm by himself; by placing under every one what his own eye may superintend, that all will be done for the best.
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
It is chief of the world's luxuries, king by the grace of God over all the fruits of the earth.
It is claimed to cost less per passenger mile to operate these humungous planes than any other aircraft ever built, unless you personally have to pay for the ticket.
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
It is common sense to take a method and try it.
It is contrary to reasoning to say that there is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
It is customary to begin a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount of food, and the merest suggestion of affection.
It is difficult to believe that this state of mind can be produced by the recognition of such facts as that unsupported stones always fall to the ground.
It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is lightly greased.
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It is easier to fight for principles than to live up to them.
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
It is easier to run down a hill than up one.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
It is easy to find fault, if one has that disposition.
It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted.
It is encased in untanned leather and mounted on four vertical, movable supports, one at each corner.
It is enough to make one sympathize with a tyrant for the determination of his courtiers to deceive him for their own personal ends.
It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he holds back one who is hastening.
It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
It is especially good today.
It is even in a video game, said the master.
It is even twice as far to the corner and they have added a hill.
It is exactly because a man cannot do a thing that he is a proper judge of it.
It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
It is fatal in concentrations of as little as 0.
It is for this group of beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It is for this reason alone that the topic is now of little interest to psychology.
It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal gesture by the individual to himself.
It is generally agreed that Hello is an appropriate greeting because if you entered a room and said Goodbye, it could confuse a lot of people.
It is grander to think and investigate for yourself than to repeat a creed.
It is hard to overstate the debt that we owe to men and women of genius.
It is held in reverence.
It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion: love does not lie in the ear.
It is illegal to drive more than two thousand sheep down Hollywood Boulevard at one time.
It is illegal to say Oh, Boy in Jonesboro, Georgia.
It is imperative when flying coach that you restrain any tendency toward the vividly imaginative.
It is important to note that probably no large operating system using current design technology can withstand a determined and well-coordinated attack, and that most such documented penetrations have been remarkably easy.
It is important to use your apostrophe's correctly.
It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.
It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
It is impossible to defend perfectly against the attack of those who want to die.
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
It is incumbent on us to avoid archaisms.
It is indeed amazing, he said.
It is indeed desirable to be well descended, but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
It is justified because.
It is like saying My mother, drunk or sober.
It is like saying that for the cause of peace, God and the Devil will have a high-level meeting.
It is like the extern void: filled with infinite possibilities.
It is masked but always present.
It is more rational to sacrifice one life than six.
It is most dangerous nowadays for a husband to pay any attention to his wife in public.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.
It is my one form of continuous fiction.
It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles.
It is necessary to have purpose.
It is never any good to oneself.
It is never any use to oneself.
It is never consistent.
It is no wonder that people are so horrible when they start life as children.
It is not a bolt to be tightened into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the hope of greening the landscape of idea.
It is not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.
It is not best to swap horses while crossing the river.
It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do, that makes life blessed.
It is not enough that I should succeed.
It is not enough to have a good mind.
It is not enough to have great qualities, we should also have the management of them.
It is not enough to succeed.
It is not even close to a science.
It is not every question that deserves an answer.
It is not fair that some men should be happier than others.
It is not for me to attempt to fathom the inscrutable workings of Providence.
It is not good for a man to be without knowledge, and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
It is not logical, but it is often true.
It is not necessary to inquire whether a woman would like something for dessert.
It is not necessary to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know.
It is not reality, although you can express reality there if you wish.
It is not that polar co-ordinates are complicated, it is simply that cartesian co-ordinates are simpler than they have a right to be.
It is not the critic who counts, or how the strong man stumbled, or whether the doer of deeds could have done them better.
It is not the extraordinary exercise which harms the dancer, but rather the coming into close contact with the opposite sex.
It is not the responsibility of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals or colored lights never healed anyone.
It is not well to be thought of as one who meekly submits to insolence and intimidation.
It is now pitch dark.
It is now quite lawful for a Catholic woman to avoid pregnancy by a resort to mathematics, though she is still forbidden to resort to physics and chemistry.
It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
It is often the case that the man who can't tell a lie thinks he is the best judge of one.
It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live at all.
It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their dignity.
It is only the great men who are truly obscene.
It is only to be understood.
It is only with the heart one can see clearly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
It is our belief, however, that serious professional users will run out of things they can do with UNIX.
It is our worship word too.
It is out on loan, the teacher replied.
It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity.
It is possible that blondes also prefer gentlemen.
It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
It is quite conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected.
It is ridiculous to call this an industry.
It is right before your eyes, said the master.
It is right that he too should have his little chronicle, his memories, his reason, and be able to recognize the good in the bad, the bad in the worst, and so grow gently old all down the unchanging days and die one day like any other day, only shorter.
It is sad to find him belaboring the science community for its united opposition to ignorant creationists who want teachers and textbooks to give equal time to crank arguments that have advanced not a step beyond the flyblown rhetoric of Bishop Wilberforce and William Jennings Bryan.
It is sad to go to pieces like this but we all have to do it.
It is said an Eastern monarch once charged his wise men to invent him a sentence to be ever in view, and which should be true and appropriate in all times and situations.
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as high as the eagle?
It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.
It is silent and still as a pool of water.
It is simply an approach to the problem of telling what is counterfeit and what is genuine.
It is simply that the program should always respond to the user in the way that astonishes him least.
It is so soon that I am done for, I wonder what I was begun for.
It is so stupid of modern civilisation to have given up believing in the devil when he is the only explanation of it.
It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown-up.
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, which morally we can do.
It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver.
It is surely a great calamity for a human being to have no obsessions.
It is sweet to let the mind unbend on occasion.
It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.
It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City to City upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns have come to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.
It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.
It is the age of the engineers.
It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.
It is the business of little minds to shrink.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
It is the chief occupation of mankind.
It is the complex case that is easier to deal with.
It is the creationists who blasphemously are claiming that God is cheating us in a stupid way.
It is the essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that any such show-down is sacrilegious and perverse.
It is the first word a child learns and often the first word he speaks.
It is the fury of lust craving incessantly for more pleasure that undermines the soul, the body, the sinews and nerves.
It is the harmony of opposites.
It is the language of the future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums.
It is the nature of extreme self-lovers, as they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their eggs.
It is the only thing to do with it.
It is the only thing.
It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious, inspires us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us sleeplessness, inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness and acts that are contrary to habit.
It is the single most popular pickle variety today, enjoyed throughout the free world by man, woman and child alike.
It is the source of all programs.
It is the true missionary's courage and zeal in facing the possibility that one's best may not be enough.
It is the wisdom of crocodiles, that shed tears when they would devour.
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
It is those pent-up, craving children who make all the wars and all the horrors and all the art and all the beauty and discovery in life, because they are trying to achieve what lay beyond their grasp before they were five years old.
It is through symbols that man consciously or unconsciously lives, works and has his being.
It is time to go elsewhere.
It is to be hoped that further publication of this poem can be suspended pending a thorough investigation of its potential subversive implications.
It is troubling enough to get straight who is really what.
It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity.
It is undignified for a woman to play servant to a man who is not hers.
It is up to us to produce better-quality movies.
It is usually bigger, and it has more snakes tattooed on it.
It is very difficult to prophesy, especially when it pertains to the future.
It is very expensive to achieve high unreliability.
It is very vulgar to talk like a dentist when one isn't a dentist.
It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
It is when one considers the multiple-charge rocket as a traveler to the moon that one begins to doubt.
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
It is written in an alien tongue and cannot be read by your tired Sun-2 eyes.
It is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone to believe anything upon insufficient evidence.
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
It is, Kyogen answered.
It is, and that's all it needs to be.
It is, came the reply.
It isn't easy being a Friday kind of person in a Monday kind of world.
It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old.
It isn't just a good idea, it's the law!
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.
It isn't our's either.
It isn't that I can't toddle.
It isn't the stops and starts that get on my nerves, it's the jerks.
It isn't to anyone's advantage to see the truth.
It isn't unusual for a worker to arrive on his shift and have some family problem that he doesn't know how to resolve.
It issues a multitude of memos, each saying 'Go, Hence!
It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods to Grandmother's condo.
It just means not enough people to make a minority.
It just stops you from enjoying it.
It justifies and holds together more baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of error in the world.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It knows it must run faster than the fastest lion or it will be killed.
It leaves one open to a rival.
It lets people read all the replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way.
It lies behind starts and under hills, And empty holes it fills.
It looked like it had sat there a week.
It looked like something resembling white marble, which was probably what it was: something resembling white marble.
It looks easy until you try it.
It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.
It looks like it's up to me to save our skins.
It makes a bond, to correspond, From C to shining C.
It makes a straight cut ditch of a free meandering brook.
It makes for obligations.
It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
It makes sense, when you don't think about it.
It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too good either if you speak when your head is empty.
It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better still to be a live lion.
It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God but to create him.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It may be true, Ferdinand Feghoot, said Moses, that our friend Yewtoo Artoo was soulless, but we cannot believe it.
It may even be a bad habit, for all I know.
It may even take a swipe at you with one of its claws.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
It means leaving what's over without denying its validity or its past importance in our lives.
It means summon's in trouble.
It means the Thing to Do.
It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.
It meant the study of things that are hard to swallow.
It merely outlives them.
It might be worth reflecting that this group was originally created back in September of 1987 and has exchanged over 1200 messages.
It might help if we ran the MBA's out of Washington.
It might taste good or clever, but in the long run, it's not going to do anything for you.
It must be just right.
It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of a new system.
It must have been some unmarried fool that said A child can ask questions that a wise man cannot answer; because, in any decent house, a brat that starts asking questions is promptly packed off to bed.
It must sniff around, adapt, consider, sniff around, and adapt again.
It need not rest upon the further premise that there are no propositions that are not open to doubt; it is enough, even if there are, that in the end it is worse to suppress dissent than to run the risk of heresy.
It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
It neutralizes the brownies I had yesterday.
It never does quite what I want But only what I tell it.
It never really caught on.
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.
It originally came in a 16-oz.
It panders to instincts already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic establishment.
It pays in England to be a revolutionary and a bible-smacker most of one's life and then come round.
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
It pays without discussion, it ruins itself, and that is an excellent thing for the syndicates of financiers and manufacturers for whom patriotic terrors are an abundant source of gain.
It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
It produces a false impression.
It proves what they say, give the public what they want to see and they'll come out for it.
It requires intelligence, dedication, and an enormous amount of hard work.
It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave.
It runs all its programs in RPG!
It says he made us all to be just like him.
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people.
It seems a little silly now, but this country was founded as a protest against taxation.
It seems almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the oyster.
It seems intuitively obvious to me, which means that it might be wrong.
It seems like I know everybody's lines.
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
It seems more designed to make people stumble than to be walked upon.
It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level language named research student.
It seems there's this magician working one of the luxury cruise ships for a few years.
It seems these two guys, George and Harry, set out in a Hot Air balloon to cross the United States.
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old days.
It settles everything.
It shall be unlawful for any suspicious person to be within the municipality.
It should be of the hill, belonging to it.
It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make ambulatory progress through the umbragious inter-hill mortality slot, terror sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
It should suck not blow, said Booth, coming straight to the point.
It showed that two could be one and one could be two and had probably been fabricated by Hegel for the American market on a subcontract from General Dynamics.
It simply exists, and I will do whatever logically needs to be done.
It smelled like coffee.
It sounded like quite a good life-style otherwise.
It sounds a lot like science, it sounds like astronomy.
It sounds to me like you have no problems at all.
It stands today, a monument to human spirit.
It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
It sure beats the heck out of me.
It takes a smart husband to have the last word and not use it.
It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.
It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
It takes less time to do a thing right than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
It takes two to tell the truth: one to speak and one to hear.
It takes weeks for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right with Snow White.
It then puts a big POT OF GOLD nearby.
It therefore becomes very important for the rule upholders to bring such arrogance down.
It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card may have saved a U.
It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never spoke.
It took my assistants several hundred man years to construct.
It towers above its competition like a giant among dwarfs.
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the system.
It used to be so easy living here with you, You were light and breezy and I knew just what to do Now you look so unhappy and I feel like a fool.
It used to be the fun was in The capture and kill.
It used to point to me, Now I'm protecting it.
It usually lacks any genuine literary quality and often sinks into imbecile doggerel.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
It was Oxford that made him insufferable.
It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.
It was a Tolkien Ring.
It was a WAC's Museum.
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
It was a brave man that ate the first oyster.
It was a fine, sweet night, the nicest since my divorce, maybe the nicest since the middle of my marriage.
It was a good beverage, no question about it; generations of people had grown up drinking it and doing the experiment in sixth grade where you put a nail into a glass of Coke and after a couple of days the nail dissolves and the teacher says: Imagine what it does to your TEETH!
It was a summer's day in winter, And the snow was raining fast, As a barefoot boy with shoes on, Stood sitting in the grass.
It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set foot.
It was a wide, manic, and utterly humourless rictus.
It was all a dehumanized nightmare.
It was all so different before everything changed.
It was at the site of the mysterious B-1 crash.
It was clearly platoonic.
It was decided to change the gauge of all southern roads to standard, in one day.
It was discovered, I suppose you've heard, by a man named Fulton Berle, and it has already revolutionized social grace by cutting down parlour conversation to two sentences: What's on television?
It was eventually lassoed and released in a nearby scrub.
It was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
It was human error, a launch spokesman said.
It was in fashion yesterday, it is the rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
It was in the days of the rains that their prayers went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri, goddess of the Night.
It was in the shape of a house.
It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer, when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
It was made with our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process.
It was meant as a haven for people with vision of this scope.
It was more like the rose and the teeth were in the same glass.
It was never like this for Mencken.
It was not a Southern watermelon that Eve took; we know it because she repented.
It was pity stayed his hand.
It was pleasant to me to get a letter from you the other day.
It was raining heavily and my drone got waterlogged, he said.
It was raining heavily, and the motorist had car trouble on a lonely country road.
It was replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life more advanced than the lichen family.
It was the Law of the Sea, they said.
It was the kind of mental picture you tried to forget.
It was the reader's CONS That made it, paired by dot; Now, GC, for the nonce, Thou shalt reclaim it not.
It was the sort of grin that is normally accompanied by small riverside birds wandering in and out, picking scraps out of the teeth.
It was the triumph of mind over matter; quite.
It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it.
It was, for centuries, an apologist for slavery, as it was the apologist for the divine right of kings.
It wasn't IBM compatible.
It wasn't long before we got so dissatisfied with this incompetence that we bolted.
It wasn't that she had a rose in her teeth, exactly.
It wastes your time and annoys the pig.
It weighs one third of a pound per foot.
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion that makes horse-races.
It will be advantageous to cross the great stream.
It will be generally found that those who sneer habitually at human nature and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant examples.
It will come to such sights colder By and by, nor spare a sigh Though worlds of wanwood leafmeal lie And yet you will weep and know why.
It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.
It will keep you awake until noon.
It will probably be one of those deep, eerie ones that slowly builds to a blood-curdling maniacal scream.
It will probably be quite unpleasant.
It will soon become out of date and everyone will ignore it.
It will take one year, said the master promptly.
It will, however, take it no time at all to be more profound than THIS program has ever been.
It works better if you plug it in.
It works, and boy, were we surprised!
It would be illogical to assume that all conditions remain stable.
It would be illogical to kill without reason.
It would be nice if the Food and Drug Administration stopped issuing warnings about toxic substances and just gave me the names of one or two things still safe to eat.
It would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything.
It would never work out.
It would save me a lot of time if you just gave up and went mad now.
It would seem that evil retreats when forcibly confronted.
It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
It would take ten months, three more than the schedule allowed.
It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing.
It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.
It'll be a slaughter!
It'll be just like Beggars' Canyon back home.
It's 2 cents for postage and 30 cents for storage.
It's America's game - it, and high taxes.
It's GREAT to be ALIVE!
It's Like This Even the samurai have teddy bears, and even the teddy bears get drunk.
It's a brave man who, when things are at their darkest, can kick back and party!
It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out.
It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underware.
It's a funny thing that when a woman hasn't got anything on earth to worry about, she goes off and gets married.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
It's a good town, a civilized town.
It's a hole all the way to downtown Burbank!
It's a lot of fun being alive.
It's a modest price to pay.
It's a naive, domestic operating system without any breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.
It's a piss-poor reptile and not very much of a bird.
It's a policy I urge all companies to adopt.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
It's a question of finding a sickness you like.
It's a rat with a thyroid problem.
It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
It's a recession when your neighbour loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours.
It's a reflection of an idea that we expelled from Western thought in the sixteenth century, that we are in the center of a caring universe.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
It's a thankless one and full of grief.
It's a truffula seed.
It's a very powerful emotion.
It's a whole new barrier!
It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.
It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
It's all been a pack of lies!
It's all in the mind, ya know.
It's all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
It's all very well to celebrate the practicality of pigs by ennobling the porcine sibling who constructed his home out of bricks and mortar.
It's all we can do to put up with constructive praise.
It's already tomorrow in Australia.
It's always better when you come again!
It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.
It's always darkest just before the lights go out.
It's always sunny there this time of the year.
It's amazing how many people you could be friends with if only they'd make the first approach.
It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.
It's amazing how much mature wisdom resembles being too tired.
It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
It's bad enough that life is a rat-race, but why do the rats always have to win?
It's based on Hitchcock's The Birds, except that it's centered around a programmer who is attacked by a swarm of binder pages with an index number and the single line This page intentionally left blank.
It's been Monday all week today.
It's been a business doing pleasure with you.
It's been argued that the beauty of UNIX is the same as the beauty of Ken Olsen's brain.
It's been real and it's been fun, but it hasn't been real fun.
It's been tested and tested over the centuries.
It's better not to see them being made.
It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
It's better to be wanted for murder that not to be wanted at all.
It's better to burn out than it is to rust.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
It's called Bureaucracy.
It's called MRS punch.
It's called grand slam dancing.
It's called trust, Ted.
It's cheaper than going to France.
It's clever, but is it art?
It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough; You know you're gonna have to face it, You're addicted to love!
It's currently a problem of access to gigabits through punybaud.
It's curtains for you, Mighty Mouse!
It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.
It's easier said than done.
It's easier to explain sex to a virgin.
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for being right.
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
It's easy to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
It's easy to get burned.
It's easy to see without looking too far That not much is really sacred.
It's eating that's believing.
It's faster horses, Younger women, Older whiskey and More money.
It's freezing out there.
It's from Casablanca.
It's goin' to be back to the fighter who comes to town, smells a flower, visits a hospital, blows a horn and says he's in shape.
It's gonna be alright, It's almost midnight, And I've got two more bottles of wine.
It's gonna be the herd shot 'round the world.
It's got bloody well everything else.
It's got technical terms.
It's great for students, great for somewhat casual users, and it's great for interchanging programs between different machines.
It's great to be smart 'cause then you know stuff.
It's hard not to like a man of many qualities, even if most of them are bad.
It's hard to argue that God hated Oklahoma.
It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.
It's hard to believe that something which is neither seen nor felt can do so much harm.
It's hard to drive at the limit, but it's harder to know where the limits are.
It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
It's hard to keep your shirt on when you're getting something off your chest.
It's hard to learn that we don't leave the best parts of ourselves behind, back in the dugout or the office.
It's hard to recognize that life isn't a holding action, but a process.
It's hard to see me doing that for the rest of my life.
It's hard to think of any in non-technical fields.
It's hard to think of you as the end result of millions of years of evolution.
It's how the girl feels too.
It's how you make it slow.
It's illegal in Wilbur, Washington, to ride an ugly horse.
It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's impossible to tell because what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.
It's interesting to think that many quite distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.
It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is.
It's just ONE OF THOSE DAYS!
It's just a flesh wound.
It's just a marketing ploy to make low income parents' lives a misery.
It's just a pure LISP function call.
It's just another life form, that's all.
It's just apartment house rules, So all you 'partment house fools Remember: one man's ceiling is another man's floor.
It's just awful sloppy of him to get killed in the first place.
It's just good pedagogy, therefore, to stay away from such stuff, and use instead, if film-strips and rap-sessions must be supplemented, 'texts,' selected, or prepared, or adapted, by real professionals.
It's just simply gibberish.
It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.
It's just that some people are too stupid to realize it.
It's just that the news coverage is so much better.
It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
It's later than you think, the joint Russian-American space mission has already begun.
It's later than you think.
It's less calories than two pieces of strawberry shortcake.
It's like deja vu all over again.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
It's made by our favorite monopoly!
It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name.
It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.
It's much easier to apologize than to get permission.
It's multiple choice time.
It's my cookie file and if I come up with something that's lame and I like it, it goes in.
It's never too late to have a happy childhood.
It's no longer a question of staying healthy.
It's no surprise that things are so screwed up: everyone that knows how to run a government is either driving taxicabs or cutting hair.
It's no sweat, Henry.
It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either.
It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
It's not as if it were a chocolate bar or something.
It's not easy, being green.
It's not elderly or senior citizens anymore.
It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
It's not how slow you make it.
It's not human and it's got an axe.
It's not just a good idea.
It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off the ground.
It's not so, he thought.
It's not so, the General thought.
It's not that I'm afraid to die.
It's not that Miss Manners is immune to romance.
