The characteristic property of hallucinogens, to suspend the boundaries between the experiencing self and the outer world in an ecstatic, emotional experience, makes it posible with their help, and after suitable internal and external perparation.
The chat program is in public domain.
The check is in the mail.
The chemical action it entails is less worth analyzing than enjoying.
The chicken keeps right up with him the whole way, then suddenly takes off and disappears into the distance.
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic.
The chief cause of problems is solutions.
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
The child simply refused to speak.
The children cowered, terrified by this fearsome beast, plaintively crying, Help, Mother!
The chimp that does not know that he exists is not driven to discover his origins and is spared the tragic necessity of contemplating his own end.
The church is near but the road is icy; the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
The city of New York came in twenty-fifth.
The clash of ideas is the sound of freedom.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
The clerk peers at the check, looks at the young man, looks at the check again.
The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.
The closer you look, the cruftier we look.
The closest to perfection a person ever comes is when he fills out a job application form.
The clothes have no emperor.
The clown came out to inform the public.
The cold stone is fallen; Dark door is standing wide; dead hand is broken.
The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his intellectual nakedness.
The college, which should be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
The combination of a number of things to make existence worthwhile.
The combined age of the monkey and its mother is thirty years.
The comics are making no truth claim.
The common cormorant, or shag, Lays eggs inside a paper bag; The reason, you will see, no doubt, Is to keep the lightning out.
The company needs us both.
The company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.
The company wouldn't give us any money.
The complexity of software is an essential property, not an accidental one.
The computer can't tell you the emotional story.
The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and 50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into the 80's.
The computer is to the information industry roughly what the central power station is to the electrical industry.
The computer is wrong.
The computer programmer is a creator of universes for which he alone is responsible.
The computer scientist : Oh, no!
The computer scientist, who'd listened carefully to all of this, then commented, Yes, but where do you think the chaos came from?
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
The confusion of a staff member is measured by the length of his memos.
The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
The constables took the miffed marsupial into temporary custody and released it, too, in the scrub.
The contest is named after the author of the immortal lines: It was a dark and stormy night.
The control of the production of wealth is the control of human life itself.
The control program manager had 150 men.
The cool Brutus Gave you the message: Caesar had big eyes; If that's the sound, someone's copping a plea, And, like, old Caesar really set them straight.
The cool name, that is.
The cost of feathers has risen, even down is up!
The cost of living has just gone up another dollar a quart.
The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down.
The cost that bites, the worth By market's wrath unphased.
The costly enumeration of the obvious.
The counting is reserved for the fidgets.
The couple is stunned.
The covers of this book are too far apart.
The cow escaped with shock.
The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
The cow is of the bovine ilk; That doesn't mention their habits.
The cow, the old cow, she is dead; It sleeps well the horned head: We poor lads, 'tis our turn now To hear such tunes as killed the cow.
The crew came a running, all grabbing their.
The crew will consist of one pilot and a dog.
The crippled pea alone that cannot stand.
The critical detector then creates a malfunction proportional to the desperation of the operator.
The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime.
The cutting edge is getting rather dull.
The danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of Hell.
The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern.
The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
The data was without form and null, and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of IBM was moving over the face of the market.
The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning, and lo!
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
The day has gone down in New England history as a terrible foretaste of Judgement Day.
The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being as his Father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter.
The days are all empty and the nights are unreal.
The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction to a tedious book.
The deal was made in Denmark, on a dark and stormy day, So he set out for Biafra, to join the bloody fray.
The decision doesn't have to be logical; it was unanimous.
The defacto substandard.
The default Magic Word, Abracadabra, actually is a corruption of the Hebrew phrase ha-Bracha dab'ra which means pronounce the blessing.
The defense attorney was hammering away at the plaintiff: You claim, he jeered, that my client came at you with a broken bottle in his hand.
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
The degree of technical confidence is inversely proportional to the level of management.
The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists in the circulation of the blood.
The departing division general manager met a last time with his young successor and gave him three envelopes.
The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
The design will be finalized.
The designs are not familiar, but they are obviously the products of intelligence.
The dessert she wants is contained within yours.
The determined septuagenarian immediately embarked upon a rigorous self-improvement program.
The determined string left the bar and stopped a passer-by.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
The devil finds work for idle circuits to do.
The devil finds work for idle glands.
The difference between America and England is that the English think 100 miles is a long distance and the Americans think 100 years is a long time.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal.
The difference between a career and a job is about 20 hours a week.
The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.
The difference between a lawyer and a rooster is that the rooster gets up in the morning and clucks defiance.
The difference between art and science is that science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer.
The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're called.
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
The difference between legal separation and divorce is that legal separation gives the man time to hide his money.
The difference between reality and unreality is that reality has so little to recommend it.
The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
The difference between sentiment and being sentimental is the following: Sentiment is when a driver swerves out of the way to avoid hitting a rabbit on the road.
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
The difference between this place and yogurt is that yogurt has a live culture.
The difference between us is not very far, cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.
The difference between waltzes and disco is mostly one of volume.
The difference is that a bunch of self-confessed car nuts are making money doing what they love: writing code and driving fast.
The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not so friendly.
The difficult we do today; the impossible takes a little longer.
The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face.
The dirty work at political conventions is almost always done in the grim hours between midnight and dawn.
The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.
The disease is fatal.
The disk is wobbling, too.
The disks are getting full; purge a file today.
The distinction between Freedom and Liberty is not accurately known; naturalists have been unable to find a living specimen of either.
The distinction between true and false appears to become increasingly blurred by.
The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.
The doctor grabs the intern and screams at him, What!
The doctor said, I have recently perfected an operation.
The doctor tells the intern This man in 305 is going to die in six months.
The doctor tried to swim ashore but was eaten by the sharks.
The doctor watches for a while and says: Keep pumping, men, you may yet save her!
The doctrine of human equality reposes on this: that there is no man really clever who has not found that he is stupid.
The dog has certain relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
The dog is named Herbert.
The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.
The dripping of COFFEE!
The drums get louder and louder.
The duck hunter trained his retriever to walk on water.
The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance of the woman.
The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.
The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.
The early bird gets the worm.
The early bird who catches the worm works for someone who comes in late and owns the worm farm.
The early worm gets the bird.
The early worm gets the late bird.
The earth is billions of years old and its living creatures are linked by ties of evolutionary descent.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in square knots.
The easiest response is to laugh it off, and to indulge in wisecracks about Civil Service ratings for horoscope makers and palm readers and whether Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his sign.
The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and add ten percent.
The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then pound some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet.
The echo of a platitude from the mouth of a fool.
The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on weather forecasters.
The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt.
The elders murmured assent.
The electrons travel through your bloodstream and collect in your finger, where they form a spark that leaps to your friend's filling, then travels down to his feet and back into the carpet, thus completing the circuit.
The elephants are coming over the hill.
The elevator would be full.
The elevator's motion coupled with the chemicals in coke produce hallucinations.
The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
The elks live up in the mountains and come down once a year for their annual conventions.
The empire made the only possible call.
The employee is simply there one instant, and gone the next.
The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
The end of labor is to gain leisure.
The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of civilization.
The end of the world will occur at three p.
The ends justify the means.
The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind of thing.
The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field environment.
The engineer had constructed a can opener from pocket trash, used aluminum shavings and dried sugar to make an explosive, and escaped.
The engineer says: I think she's sitting in a puddle.
The engineer then interjected: I also believe that, if necessary, a married man is entitled to a mistress.
The entire rebel resistance buried under six million hardbound copies of The Naked Lunch.
The environment of today.
The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is a substitute for intelligence.
The errors of young men are the ruin of business; but the errors of aged men amount but to this, that more might have been done, or sooner.
The essential ideas of Algol 68 were that the whole language should be precisely defined and that all the pieces should fit together smoothly.
The essentials of this affair lay deep under the surface, beyond my reach, and beyond my power of meddling.
The eternal Thompson gunner, still wandering through the night, Now it's ten years later, but he stills keeps up the fight.
The eternal feminine draws us upward.
The evening after you left I saw a strange car pull up in front of your house.
The evidence of the emotions, save in cases where it has strong objective support, is really no evidence at all, for every recognizable emotion has its opposite, and if one points one way then another points the other way.
The evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man is and will always be a wild animal.
The exact temperature of Hell cannot be computed, but it must be less than 444.
The example I like to use is a guy who comes in and says 'this isn't going to be a good day for me, my son is in jail on a drunk-driving charge and I don't know how to raise bail.
The examples cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still with us.
The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.
The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
The exhibit includes several large conceptual works using non-traditional media and found objects including old sofa-beds, used mace canisters, discarded sanitary napkins and parts of freeways.
The existence of abstract nouns is a proof that abstract thought has occurred; abstract thought is a mark of civilized man; and so it has come about that periphrasis and civilization are by many held to be inseparable.
The existence of god implies a violation of causality.
The expectations are always high, and the results usually disappointing.
The expelled heretic founds a new company, mutters obscurely of the coming age and the next computer, then disappears into silence, taking his stockholders with him.
The experienced driver, he says, will usually know what's wrong.
The experiences and the growth are grafted onto our lives.
The experimentalist calmly replied, Have patience.
The experts pointed out that a co-worker would have to display most if not all of these traits before you can positively identify him as a space alien.
The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions is the most likely to be correct.
The eye is a menace to clear sight, the ear is a menace to subtle hearing, the mind is a menace to wisdom, every organ of the senses is a menace to its own capacity.
The eyes of Texas are upon you, All the livelong day; The eyes of Texas are upon you, You cannot get away; Do not think you can escape them From night 'til early in the morn; The eyes of Texas are upon you 'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
The eyes of taxes are upon you.
The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down soggy potato chips.
The face of war has never changed.
The fact is that astrological beliefs go back at least 2,500 years.
The fact is, lobsters are among the most ferocious predators on the sea floor, and you're helping reduce crime in the reefs.
The fact is, there's no theory for it, there are no observational data for it.
The fact remains that I cannot rationally deal with yams, and pigs are terrible conversationalists.
The fact that 47 PEOPLE are yelling and sweat is cascading down my SPINAL COLUMN is fairly enjoyable!
The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence that it is not utterly absurd; indeed, in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind, a widespread belief is more often likely to be foolish than sensible.
The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a remarkable Christian forbearance among men.
The fact that it works is immaterial.
The fact that it's an 8-year-old Honda doesn't keep him from trying to out-accelerate the guy in the Porsche who's attempting to cut him off; freeway on-ramps are exciting challenges to see who has The Right Stuff on the morning commute.
The fact that people are poor or discriminated against doesn't necessarily endow them with any special qualities of justice, nobility, charity or compassion.
The family that slays together stays together.
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
The fans with the cigars and the hats turned down'll be there, but no more housewives and little men in the street and foreign presidents.
The farmer agreed to put him up.
The farmer stared at the newcomer in amazement.
The farther the better.
The farther you go, the less you know.
The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
The faster I go, the behinder I get.
The faster we go, the rounder we get.
The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a business trip, thought he would pay his boy a suprise visit.
The faults that bite, the jobs that thrash!
The feeling persists that no one can simultaneously be a respectable writer and understand how a refrigerator works, just as no gentleman wears a brown suit in the city.
The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
The few, the proud, the dead on the beach.
The few, the proud, the not very bright.
The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in your eye.
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.
The fire is going out, he bellowed.
The first Rotarian was the first man to call John the Baptist Jack.
The first and direst of all disasters.
The first day I shot two bucks.
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
The first fully modular software disaster.
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the second half by our children.
The first is being a bore.
The first live in a neighborhood where a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything or even heard a shot.
The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence, and the second the triumph of hope over experience.
The first myth of management is that it exists.
The first performed in Sydney in Australia.
The first person to do anything loses.
The first question he was asked was if we had exploding television sets.
The first requisite for immortality is death.
The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
The first rule of magic is simple.
The first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to the left.
The first student to try to do this was a math student.
The first syllable comes from the English word egg, meaning egg.
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
The first time, it's a KLUDGE!
The first version always gets thrown away.
The five main kinds of electricity are alternating current, direct current, lightning, static, and European.
The fives did fit her shoe.
The fleet of Learjets the carrier operates is immense.
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer, The yellow Autumn presses near; Then in his turn come gloomy Winter, Till smiling Spring again appear.
The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
The fly in the ointment of computer literacy.
The following is not for the weak of heart or Fundamentalists.
The following morning saw only rubble where there once was a huge structure reaching to the heavens.
The following morning, the lady received a magnificent orchid from her guest of honor.
The following quote is from page 4-27 of the MSCP Basic Disk Functions Manual which is part of the UDA50 Programmers Doc Kit manuals: As stated above, the host area of a disk is structured as a vector of logical blocks.
The following story is told about him: when they moved from Cambridge to Newton his wife, knowing that he would be absolutely useless on the move, packed him off to MIT while she directed the move.
The foolish programmer is told about the Tao and laughs at it.
The forecast blade went snicker-snack!
The foreman nodded assent, whereupon the little man hurried over to the main pole and rapidly climbed up to the very tip-top of the big top.
The forest is safe because a lion lives therein and the lion is safe because it lives in a forest.
The former to ecclesiasts bring gain; The latter to the devil appertain.
The fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions and by a major grant from the National Endowment for the Inanities.
The founding fathers tried to set up a judicial system where the accused received a fair trial, not a system to insure an acquittal on technicalities.
The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air due to levitation.
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl.
The freshman each bring a little in with them, and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.
The friend agreed to help out and two weeks later gave his report.
The front end of the machine, or input, contains the cutting and grinding mechanism, utilizing a unique feedback device.
The front page has nothing but man's failures.
The frost still lingers on the earth, and Budless are the trees.
The full impact of parenthood doesn't hit you until you multiply the number of your kids by thirty-two teeth.
The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend of both parties tactfully interferes.
The function CAR now returns two values.
The function of the expert is not to be more right than other people, but to be wrong for more sophisticated reasons.
The fundamental principle of science, the definition almost, is this: the sole test of the validity of any idea is experiment.
The fundamental purpose animating the Faith of God and His Religion is to safeguard the interests and promote the unity of the human race, and to foster the spirit of love and fellowship amongst men.
The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving after rational knowledge.
The future is a myth created by insurance salesmen and high school counselors.
The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
The future isn't what it used to be.
The future lies ahead.
The future not being born, my friend, we will abstain from baptizing it.
The game of life is a game of boomerangs.
The games have always strengthened us.
The garbage collector now works.
The garden is in mourning; The rain falls cool among the flowers.
The geeks had broken my spirit.
The geeks shall inherit the earth.
The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using all the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first one.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
The genius, looking a little bleary-eyed, replies, Well, yes, actually I do have an idea, and I'm reasonably sure that it will work, but there a number of details to be figured out.
The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.
The gentleman upon whose premises this strange event is transpiring says the hen adopted the kittens when they were but a few days old, and that she has devoted them her undivided care for several weeks past.
The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
The geographical center of Boston is in Roxbury.
The giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled today.
The girl next door bought an album too, and started her own collection.
The girl smiled and asked: Do you think I'm prettier than Maggie Kelly?
The girl who remembers her first kiss now has a daughter who can't even remember her first husband.
The girl who stoops to conquer usually wears a low-cut dress.
The girl who swears no one has ever made love to her has a right to swear.
The glory of creation is in its infinite diversity.
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it.
The goal of nature is to build better mice.
The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.
The gods gave man fire and he invented fire engines.
The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies.
The good news is that these guys are in top form.
The good ones slept better.
The good sleep better, but the bad seem to enjoy the waking hours much more.
The good time is approaching, The season is at hand.
The government has just completed work on a missile that turned out to be a bit of a boondoggle; nicknamed Civil Servant, it won't work and they can't fire it.
The government would have to intervene: it would form a cabinet-level Department of Holiday Gift-Giving, which would spend billions and billions of tax dollars to buy Barbie dolls and electronic games, which it would drop on the populace from Air Force jets, killing and maiming thousands.
The goys have proven the following theorem.
The grand leap of the whale up the Fall of Niagara is esteemed, by all who have seen it, as one of the finest spectacles in nature.
The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.
The grave's a fine and private place, but none, I think, do there embrace.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.
The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
The great secret in life.
The greater the decline of religion, the more grievous the waywardness of the ungodly.
The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers is to refuse to move an inch from where they stood.
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
The greatest icon of all, the inviolable Apple itself, stands in the dominate position at the upper-left corner of the screen.
The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart's.
The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
The greatest productivity aid since typhoid.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
The greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace.
The green earflaps, full of large ears and uncut hair and the fine bristles that grew in the ears themselvse, stuck out on either side like turn signals indicating two directions at once.
The griffin was itself a compound creature, half lion and half eagle.
The groundhog is like most other prophets; it delivers its message and then disappears.
The group on placebo who thought they were on ascorbic acid, says Dr.
The growth-decay formulas were developed in the trivial fashion by Isaac Newton's famous brother Phigg.
The guy above me designs synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats.
The guy behind the counter takes a long look at him and then says, You must be from New York.
The guy comes back into the office.
The guy gets the blank look again.
The guy on the left has an Uzi submachine gun concealed in his attache case.
The guy who designed it quit.
The guy you just met.
The guys whips out his checkbook, writes a check for five figures, calls over a clerk and hands it to him.
The hair ball blocking the drain of the shower reminded Laura she would never see her little dog Pritzi again.
The hands that help are better far than the lips that pray.
The happiest time of a person's life is after his first divorce.
The hardest part of climbing the ladder of success is getting through the crowd at the bottom.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.
The hardware's, of course.
The harried executive closed his office door, sank into his chair, and opened the third envelope.
The hater of property and of government takes care to have his warranty deed recorded, and the book written against fame and learning has the author's name on the title page.
The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
The haves get more, the have-nots die.
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens.
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
The heart is not a logical organ.
The heart is wiser than the intellect.
The heaviest object in the world is the body of the woman you have ceased to love.
The help people need most urgently is help in admitting that they need help.
The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet, challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that keeps the blood at heat.
The hieroglyphics are all unreadable except for a notation on the back, which reads Genuine authentic Egyptian papyrus.
The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
The highest reason, however, I see in the work of the artist, and he may experience it as such.
The highest sounds are the hardest to hear.
The history of LSD to date amply demonstrates the catastrophic consequences that can ensue when its profound effect is misjudged and the substance is mistaken for a pleasure drug.
The history of the rise of Christianity has everything to do with politics, culture, and human frailties and nothing to do with supernatural manipulation of events.
The history of warfare is similarly subdivided, although here the phases are Retribution, Anticipation, and Diplomacy.
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.
The honeymoon is not actually over until we cease to stifle our sighs and begin to stifle our yawns.
The honeymoon is over when he phones to say he'll be late for supper and she's already left a note that it's in the refrigerator.
The hope that springs eternal Springs right up your behind.
The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who, in times of moral crisis, preserved their neutrality.
The house started up.
The housewife replied, Four!
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for lists of Ten Best.
The human brain is a wonderful thing.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
The human race is a race of cowards; and I am not only marching in that procession but carrying a banner.
The human race never solves any of its problems.
The husband who doesn't tell his wife everything probably reasons that what she doesn't know won't hurt him.
The hyperactive child is never absent.
The idea is to die young as late as possible.
The idea of male and female are universal constants.
The idea of man leaving this earth and flying to another celestial body and landing there and stepping out and walking over that body has a fascination and a driving force that can get the country to a level of energy, ambition, and will that I do not see in any other undertaking.
The idea that a human being should always be accessible to a computer.
The idea that it gets a hearing in government is dismaying.
The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance, no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is generally understood.
The identical is equal to itself, since it is different.
The identifiers are so long they can't afford the disk space.
The idle man does not know what it is to enjoy rest.
The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
The important thing about having lots of things to remember is that you've got to go somewhere afterwards where you can remember them, you see?
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.
The impossible dream.
The inability to benefit from feedback appears to be the primary cause of pseudoscience.
The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf has.
The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly important thing to people.
The ingredients list is not on the can.
The ingredients list, when you look at the small print, has some of the same ingredients that come in DOS beer, even though the manufacturer claims that this is an entirely new brew.
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of misery.
The innumerate misleading the illiterate.
The instruments of science do not in themselves discover truth.
The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the number of participants.
The intern boldly walks into the room, over to the man's bedisde and tells him Seems like you're gonna die!
The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs his pillow and wishes him a Good morning!
The interruption was caused by a sudden screaming noise and a flurry of snow and sparks that blew the fire across the dark hut; there was a brief blurred vision and then the opposite wall was blasted aside and the apparition vanished.
The intra-college sensitivity advisory committee has vetted the text of even trace amounts of subconscious racism, sexism and classism.
The introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling the whole state, for styles of music are never disturbed without affecting the most important political institutions.
The irrefutable proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.
The jaws that bite, the claws And the mome raths outgrabe.
The jet of flame set fire first to some bales of hay and then to the whole farm causing damage estimate at L45,000.
The joy of the parent, the artist, the craftsman.
The joys of love made her human and the agonies of love destroyed her.
The judge fined the jaywalker fifty dollars and told him if he was caught again, he would be thrown in jail.
The judge ordered a retrial.
The judge's jokes are always funny.
The judgement of God upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of criminal at the bar of justice.
The judges' decisions based on it were sound in logic and in law.
The jury is afraid of being robbed and has passed the age when it could be a victim of infanticide.
The justifications for drug testing are part of the presently fashionable debate concerning restoring America's competitiveness.
The key age has traditionally been more like fourteen.
The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
The key to building a superstar is to keep their mouth shut.
The kind of danger people most enjoy is the kind they can watch from a safe place.
The kind of fortune that never misses.
The kinfolk said, 'Jed, move away from there!
The knowledge that makes us cherish innocence makes innocence unattainable.
The known timesharing aspects of MAFIA point to a more than usually autocratic operating system.
The label means the price went up.
The ladies men admire, I've heard, Would shudder at a wicked word.
The lady across the hall tried to rob a department store.
The land of the rising SONY!
The language is being developed at the Chicago Center of Machine Politics and Programming under a grant from the Jane Byrne Victory Fund.
The language provides a programmer with a set of conceptual tools; if these are inadequate for the task, they will simply be ignored.
The language used by the National Enquirer to print their retractions.
The largest number of convicts ever to escape simultaneously from a maximum security prison is 124.
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
The last thing you need.
The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own hand.
The last time he'd finally managed an affair with the innkeeper's daughter.
The last time somebody said, I find I can write much better with a word processor.
The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
The late rebellion in Massachusetts has given more alarm than I think it should have done.
The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers who end up using this language.
The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position in the atmosphere without something to support it must drop.
The law of gravity supercedes the law of golf.
The law will never make men free; it is men who have got to make the law free.
The lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance.
The lawyer pulled the drapes, dimmed the lights and asked in a hushed voice, How much do you want it to be?
The lawyer, however, swam safely past the bloodthirsty sharks.
The leaves were long, the grass was green, The hemlock-umbels tall and fair, And in the glade a light was seen Of stars in shadow shimmering.
The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
The less of either the people have, the less they want.
The less time planning, the more time programming.
The lesson is over for today, he said.
The letter you are answering.
The letters H, A, and L are alphabetically adjacent to the letters I, B, and M.
The life cycle of the ratchet screwdriver is quite interesting.
The life of a repo man is always intense.
The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
The lift is being fixed for the next days.
The lift lines are the shortest, though.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.
The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.
The light we receive from the Moon is one ten-thousandth of the light we receive from the Sun, so we can ignore that.
The lights are on, but you're not home; Your will is not your own; Your heart sweats, Your teeth grind; Another kiss and you'll be mine.
The line at the concession stand was long, too, but since the game hadn't started he decided to wait.
The line printer instead.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
The lions charged, killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting could not be seen.
The little girl expects no declaration of tenderness from her doll.
The little kid then asks, And you know when I'm sleeping?
The little pieces of my life I give to you, with love, to make a quilt to keep away the cold.
The little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about them, aren't braced against them.
The little town that time forgot, Where all the women are strong, The men are good-looking, And the children above-average.
The lobster will squirm noticeably.
The location of the status quo.
The longer the title, the less important the job.
The longest part of the journey is said to be the passing of the gate.
The look in a face, the music of a violin.
The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic Handsomas roared, 'Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my steel through One day it was announced that the young monk Kyogen had reached an enlightened state.
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet, Are of imagination all compact.
The machine comprised a box about one foot square with a bag on top.
The machine will begin to educate itself with fantastic speed.
The machinery of government is always subordinate to the will of those who administer that machinery.
The magic of our first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
The magician is seated in his high chair and looks upon the world with favor.
The magician wheeled a large black box into the master's office while the master waited in silence.
The main problem I have with cats is, they're not dogs.
The main thing is the play itself.
The main thing is to use it well.
The mainframe programmer then began to describe his system to his friend, saying: The mainframe sits like an ancient sage meditating in the midst of the data center.
The major advances in civilization are processes that all but wreck the societies in which they occur.
The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the bonds will eventually mature.
The major sin is the sin of being born.
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutang trying to play the violin.
The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time.
The making of a ham dinner, like the making of a gentleman, starts a long, long time before the event.
The man doubles over and actually FEELS the pain.
The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot.
The man officially credited with inventing the vacuum cleaner is Hubert Cecil Booth.
The man on the ground yells back, You're in a balloon, approximately fifty feet in the air!
The man on tops walks a lonely street; the chain of command is often a noose.
The man pulled out his wallet and gave the Game Warden a valid fishing license.
The man pulls into the farmyard and says to the farmer, You know, the strangest thing just happened to me; I was driving along at at least sixty miles an hour and a chicken passed me like I was standing still!
The man scarce lives who is not more credulous than he ought to be.
The man scratches his head.
The man she had was kind and clean And well enough for every day, But oh, dear friends, you should have seen The one that got away.
The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd.
The man who has never been flogged has never been taught.
The man who kills both which and whom Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
The man who runs may fight again.
The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant is forever blessed.
The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
The man who understands one woman is qualified to understand pretty well everything.
The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been.
The man whom we adore when he plays the violin played the piano.
The man with the best job in the country is the Vice President.
The man with the power.
The man's younger brother, who had been facing reality and all his problems for 50 years with psychiatrists, nervous breakdowns, tics, tension, headaches, worry, anxiety and ulcers, was so angry at his brother for having gotten away scott free that he had a paralyzing stroke.
The man, in tears, confronts his son.
The man, losing track of time, crawls for what seems like days.
The manager asked the master: How long will it take to design this system if I assign five programmers to it?
The manager of architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and I were threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities.
The manager said: I should have never sent you to the conference.
The manager tried to give the programmer a bonus, but the programmer refused it, saying, I wrote the program because I though it was an interesting concept, and thus I expect no reward.
The manager, upon hearing this, remarked, This programmer, though he holds a position of small esteem, understands well the proper duty of an employee.
The mandatory closing time arrived and Gabe was in the process of locking up after the last customers had gone.
The manifest widespread desire to reject rationality and substitute a series of quasirandom beliefs in order to understand the universe does not augur well for a nation deeply concerned about its ability to compete with its industrial equals.
The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and financial status of its users.
The maple sap buckets are hanging on utility poles.
The mark of a good party is that you wake up the next morning wanting to change your name and start a new life in different city.
The mark of an immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy.
The marketing division of Sirius Cybernetics Corporation defines a robot as 'Your Plastic Pal Who's Fun To Be With'.
The marking is a system for schools, not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to put on a professor.
The marriage counselor told him, If you wish to save your marriage, you'd better be a little boulder.
The master coughed and shifted his position slightly.
The master dropped the device to the ground and crushed it under foot.
The master grabbed the mouse and pointed to an icon.
The master noted the novice's preoccupation with a hand-held computer game.
The master pressed control-Amiga-Amiga and hit the student on the head with the Amiga ROM Kernel Manual.
The master programmer continues to work at his terminal, for he does not know that the bird has come and gone.
The master programmer frowned.
The master programmer moves from program to program without fear.
The master programmer shrugged.
The master raised his eyebrows slightly.
The master replied, Why do you ask such foolish questions?
The master replied: You are confused because you do not understand the Tao.
The master replies: You perceive this immense structure and are disturbed that it has no rational purpose.
The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.
The mathematician does some calculations and says: According to my understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and 6 feet high.
The mathematician thinks this over a bit and walks away mumbling to himself.
The mature bohemian is one whose woman works full time.
The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers, always end up on their ends without any means.
The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.
The mechanistic world-view is falling further and further behind the real world where even simple systems can produce the most marvellous chaos.
The meddling Washington eco-freak communist bureaucrats who say otherwise are liars.
The medium is the massage.
The medium is the message.
The meek are contesting the will.
The meek don't want it.
The meek shall inherit the Earth.
The meek shall inherit the earth; but by that time there won't be anything left worth inheriting.
The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars.
The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us, the Universe.
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
The men sat sipping their tea in silence.
The meta-Turing test counts a thing as intelligent if it seeks to devise and apply Turing tests to objects of its own creation.
The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
The microcomputer programmer, upon hearing this, fell silent.
The milk is for vitality and the sugar is for pep.
The miller had to move out of his house, he had to move off his acres.
The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a basketball.
The mind can be controlled.
The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same being who produces the impressions.
The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be general systems laws.
The mistake was in not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
The modern child will answer you back before you've said anything.
The modest way in which I proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction.
The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of themselves, the old man said, no longer to me.
The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
The moment one gets into the expert state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
The monk had already asked about a bean, a lake, and a moonlit night.
The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.
The moon is made of green cheese.
The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.
The moral to this story is that there ain't no justice that we can stand to live with.
The more I know men the more I like my horse.
The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events, the firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature.
The more complex the mind, the greater the need for the simplicity of play.
The more control, the more that requires control.
The more cordial the buyer's secretary, the greater the odds that the competition already has the order.
The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.
The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the lower the mailing cost.
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be.
The more people change jobs the more they realize that there is a direct connection between working for a living and total stupefying boredom.
The more people talk on the phone, the less money they make.
The more pretentious a corporate name, the smaller the organization.
The more that you try to find success, the more that you will fail.
The more the merrier.
The more they over-think the plumbing the easier it is to stop up the drain.
The more things change, the more they remain the same.
The more things change, the more they stay insane.
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us is right.
The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him.
The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.
The more you study, the further from the Way.
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
The morning sun when it's in your face really shows your age, But that don't bother me none; in my eyes you're everything.
The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.
The mosquito is the state bird of New Jersey.
The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.
The most advantageous, pre-eminent thing thou canst do is not to exhibit nor display thyself within the limits of our galaxy, but rather depart instantaneously whence thou even now standest and flee to yet another rotten planet in the universe, if thou canst have the good fortune to find one.
The most common form of marriage proposal: YOU'RE WHAT!
The most common given name in the world is Mohammad; the most common family name in the world is Chang.
The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably not true.
The most dangerous food is wedding cake.
The most delightful day after the one on which you buy a cottage in the country is the one on which you resell it.
The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and to watch someone else doing it wrong, without commenting.
The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.
The most disagreeable thing that your worst enemy says to your face does not approach what your best friends say behind your back.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not Eureka!
The most happy marriage I can imagine to myself would be the union of a deaf man to a blind woman.
The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.
The most important British executioner was Mr.
The most important critic in our field of study is Lord Halifax.
The most important early product on the way to developing a good product is an imperfect version.
The most important element of government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
The most important poet in the seventeenth century was George Wither.
The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating people to approach printed matter with distrust.
The most important thing in a man is not what he knows, but what he is.
The most important thing in a relationship between a man and a woman is that one of them be good at taking orders.
The most important things are to be able to laugh and cry.
The most important things, each person must do for himself.
The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers.
The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness; it is always urgent, here and now, without any possible postponement.
The most serious doubt that has been thrown on the authenticity of the biblical miracles is the fact that most of the witnesses in regard to them were fishermen.
The most we can do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his honor.
The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
The mother company forbids financial competition as sternly as it stifles ideological competition; if you want to use computer programs that conform to Apple's orthodoxy, you must buy a computer made and sold by Apple itself.
The mother of the year should be a sterilized woman with two adopted children.
The motivation of young Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of conditions.
The movers came to crate the frame; It weighed a million ton!
The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.
The myth of romantic love holds that once you've fallen in love with the perfect partner, you're home free.
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
The name California was given to the state by Spanish conquistadores.
The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!
The name really is, 'The Aged Aged Man.
The nation that controls magnetism controls the universe.
The natural disposition is always to believe.
The natural inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
The nearest working elevator is in the building across the street.
The negotiations did not work out, tough.
The neighbor of the beast.
The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
The net can reach people in as few as 3 to 5 days.
The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded in it here and there.
The net of law is spread so wide, No sinner from its sweep may hide.
The net result is a system that is not only binary compatible with 4.
The network's the network, the computer's the computer.
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around.
The new arrival replied, 190.
The new manager returned to his office and tossed the envelopes into a drawer.
The new proof would be mailed.
The new style, gradually gaining a lodgement, quitely insinuates itself into manners and customs, and from it.
The new version is still distributed freely, now even with a copyright that allows modification.
The next Monday the man comes back in and walks up to the counter.
The next best thing to keypunching.
The next day, he held a press conference and did just that.
The next day, we was disputin' the Grays in Philadelphia when here come a ball outta the sky right in the glove of the Grays' center fielder.
The next hitter banged a hard single to right field.
The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie.
The next night It came again with a great wakening light, And showed the names whom love of God had blessed, And lo!
The next person to mention spaghetti stacks to me is going to have his head knocked off.
The next rocket to go astray as a result of a programming language error may not be an exploratory space rocket on a harmless trip to Venus: It may be a nuclear warhead exploding over one of our cities.
The next time he knocked louder, but still no answer.
The nice thing about Windows is - It does not just crash, it displays a dialog box and lets you press 'OK' first.
The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.
The night before the breakout one guard had noticed that of the 36 prisoners in his block only 13 were present.
The night passes quickly when you're asleep But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat.
The noble: who, even when fallen, retain a vestige of strength.
The notes blatted skyward as they rose over the Canada geese, feathered rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim, 'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
The notion of a record is an obsolete remnant of the days of the 80-column card.
The notion that bigger is better.
The notorious sexual revolution has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
The novice bolted to attention and handed the device to the master.
The novice programmer stares in wonder at the bird, for he understands it not.
The novice suddenly achieved enlightenment, several years later.
The novice worked furiously for many days, but when his master reviewed his program, he discovered that it contained a screen editor, a set of generalized graphics routines, and artificial intelligence interface, but not the slightest mention of anything financial.
The nucleophile will thus attack, The carbon nucleus.
The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
The number of Unix installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are correct.
The number of computer scientists in a room is inversely proportional to the number of bugs in their code.
The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success of the barbecue.
The number of licorice gumballs you get out of a gumball machine increases in direct proportion to how much you hate licorice.
The number of very weird people in the office.
The object of the contest is to write the opening sentence of the worst possible novel.
The obvious answer is always overlooked.
The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.
The officer said, Don't you know the speed limit is 55 miles an hour?
The officers in turn called the Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
The official brewer has released the recipe, and a lot of home-brewers now use it.
The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds is of course a shameful canard.
The old man heaved a sigh of relief.
The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.
The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
The one L lama, he's a priest The two L llama, he's a beast And I will bet my silk pyjama There isn't any three L lllama.
The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a neccessity.
The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe.
The one sure way to make a lazy man look respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.
The one thing I don't understand is why you human beings don't.
The one with the ever-widening hole in it!
The ones you never notice are the ones you have to watch.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
The only comparable literary figure was the maid who in 1835 burned the manuscript of the first volume of Thomas Carlyle's The Hisory of the French Revolution, thinking it was wastepaper.
The only constant is change.
The only cultural advantage LA has over NY is that you can make a right turn on a red light.
The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is that the car salesman knows he's lying.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
The only difference in the game of love over the last few thousand years is that they've changed trumps from clubs to diamonds.
The only difference is that there is no cat.
The only difficulty is that it's sometimes difficult to apply the experimental results to humans.
The only difficulty is that the problem is NP complete and will take thousands of years even with the latest optical biologic technology available.
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
The only happiness lies in reason; all the rest of the world is dismal.
The only intuitive interface is the nipple.
The only ism Hollywood believes in is plagiarism.
The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is that they serve to represent the complex of our experiences; beyond this they have no legitimacy.
The only kase in which c would be retained would be the ch formation, which will be dealt with later.
The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.
The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
The only matrix that matters is your actual typing speed in a legitimately proctored typing test.
The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.
The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
The only perfect science is hind-sight.
The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
The only problem with being a man of leisure is that you can never stop and take a rest.
The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to be less cunning than more virtuous men.
The only qualities for real success in journalism are ratlike cunning, a plausible manner and a little literary ability.
The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.
The only real argument for marriage is that it remains the best method for getting acquainted.
The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball.
The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon.
The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.
The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber has already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture, finished, and put inside boxes.
The only really masterful noise a man makes in a house is the noise of his key, when he is still on the landing, fumbling for the lock.
The only reward of virtue is virtue.
The only rose without thorns is friendship.
The only satisfying part of any job is coffee break, lunch hour and quitting time.
The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless, a separation.
The only solution is.
The only sounds to be heard elsewhere were the clock ticking, the kettle downstairs starting to boil, and an occasional schoolchild passing beneath our window.
The only thing better than love is milk.
The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches us nothing.
The only thing that keeps me sane Is talking to my shoe.
The only thing that women hate worse from a man than being slapped is when you get on your knees and say you're sorry.
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on.
The only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn.
The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.
The only thing you have to fear.
The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge and guilt.
The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
The only way for a reporter to look at a politician is down.
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
The only way to correct this is to rewrite the program.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it.
The only way to tell the difference between California and Sweden is that the Swedes speak better English.
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
The only winning move is not to play.
The only wish that always comes true, whether or not one wishes it to.
The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt in the uneasiness experienced at being alone together.
The opossum is a very sophisticated animal.
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement.
The opposite of talking is waiting.
The opposite of talking isn't listening.
The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist knows it.
The optimum committee has no members.
The opulence of the front office door varies inversely with the fundamental solvency of the firm.
The original Senate amendment was the conference agreement on the bill.
The original announcement for the group called for an all inclusive discussion ranging from the writings of Gibson and Vinge and movies like Bladerunner to real world things like Brands' description of the work being done at the MIT Media Lab.
The original meal has never been found.
The other 10 percent of the time you had no right to expect so much.
The other creatures laughed and said, Fool!
The other directional signal in Harvard's offensive machine is senior Phil Yip, who is very fast.
The other kind don't matter.
The other line moves faster.
The other prisoners watched the thief singing to the horse and laughed.
The other question he was asked often was why the CIA had killed Samantha Smith, the little girl who visited the Soviet Union a few years ago; their propaganda is very effective.
The other said, When you have gotten out of the net, I'll tell you.
The other ten percent of the time you had no right to expect that much.
The other two tried to make their getaway, but got trapped in the revolving doors again.
The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June, December, August, and February.
The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.
The padanga is dying out because the female padanga doesn't take it too seriously.
The panhandler thought a minute, brightened, then said, You're right!
The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called Me.
The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
The party adjourned to a hot tub, yes.
The party of the first part shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part and rotate the party of the second part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered non-negotiable.
The passer-by obliged, and the string re-entered the bar.
The passive voice should never be used.
The past always looks better than it was.
The path that can be specified is not the Full Path.
The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails, whereon my soul is grooved to run.
The pathology is to want control, not that you ever get it, because of course you never do.
The payment for doing these things was itself the doing of them.
The peace and joy of the Christmas season was marred by a proclamation of a general strike of all the military forces of the world.
The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
The peasants were not very rich, and one of the few ways to become at all wealthy was to become a Royal Knight.
The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
The people like to be deceived.
The people of Gideon have always believed that life is sacred.
The people sensible enough to give good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.
The pepper when he pleases!
The perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 A.
The perfect man is the true partner.
The perfect martini is a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings of civilization.
The periphrasis style is hardly possible on any considerable scale without much use of abstract nouns such as basis, case, character, connexion, dearth, description, duration, framework, lack, nature, reference, regard, respect.
The person who can smile when something goes wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
The person who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
The person who marries for money usually earns every penny of it.
The person who's taking you to lunch has no intention of paying.
The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.
The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip market.
The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere, bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.
The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.
The phenomena which occurs as brain cells become weak and sick, and impair the brain's performance.
The philosopher's treatment of a question is like the treatment of an illness.
The phone wouldn't stop ringing.
The phrase is hurt somebody else.
The physicist had worked out the angle necessary to knock the lids off the tin cans by throwing them against the wall.
The piano is missing.
The picture that comes complete with a 10-foot tall monster to give you the wim-wams!
The picture's pretty bleak, gentlemen.
The pilot takes his place up in the glass cockpit.
The pin I'm wearing means I'm a member of the IA.
The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter connected.
The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.
The place was Hartford, Connecticut.
The place where optimism most flourishes.
The placebo is proof that there is no real separation between mind and body.
The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice firm tuft of grass.
The players snickered, and even Lasorda had to fight off a laugh.
The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
The plot was the same one that all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive women.
The poetry of heroism appeals irresitably to those who don't go to a war, and even more so to those whom the war is making enormously wealthy.
The point is to pick it constructively.
The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad trying to stop yourself going mad.
The polite thing to do has always been to address people as they wish to be addressed, to treat them in a way they think dignified.
The politician is someone who deals in man's problems of adjustment.
The pollution's at that awkward stage.
The poor know that it is money.
The popular view of crime, as far as I can deduce it from the movies and television, is that it is a breaking of a rule by someone who thinks they can get away with that; implicitly, everyone would like to break the rule, but not everyone is arrogant enough to imagine they can get away with it.
The population is, of course, growing.
The population of this country is 200 million.
The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more often.
The porter said, I knew Thomson doesn't write counterpoint that way.
The possession of a book becomes a substitute for reading it.
The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.
The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
The power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of the Force.
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.
The precise opposite is the case.
The preeminence of a learned man over a worshiper is equal to the preeminence of the moon, at the night of the full moon, over all the stars.
The prejudices people feel about each other disappear when then get to know each other.
The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.
The prettiest women are almost always the most boring, and that is why some people feel there is no God.
The previous statement is true.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday they might force their beliefs on us.
The price of success in philosophy is triviality.
The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side.
The primary cause of failure in electrical appliances is an expired warranty.
The primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.
The primary purpose of the DATA statement is to give names to constants; instead of referring to pi as 3.
The primary requisite for any new tax law is for it to exempt enough voters to win the next election.
The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.
The principles we use to reject other people's code.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The problem for your problem.
The problem has not been corrected.
The problem is that your potential market is very small: there are only around 500 members of Congress, and some of them, such as House Speaker Tip O'Neil, are already too large to fit on normal aircraft.
The problem is the paperwork involved.
The problem is, they usually want the rest of us to die for it too.
The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names, addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial matter.
The problem of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas of computer science.
The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed, a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
The problem was so important that they did exactly that.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it.
The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to get results.
The problem with graduate students, in general, is that they have to sleep every few days.
The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy problems in order to get results.
The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they seem to believe that for a group of people to behave in a way detrimental to the common good requires intent.
The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at toy problems in order to get results.
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
The problem with this country is that there is no death penalty for incompetence.
The problems of business administration in general, and database management in particular are much to difficult for people that think in IBMese, compounded with sloppy english.
The procedure is simple.
The process by which human knowledge is advanced.
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business.
The program compiled without an error message, and the program ran like a gentle wind.
The program isn't debugged until the last user is dead.
The program should be directed by the logic within rather than by outward appearances.
The programmer agreed to this.
The programmer made no reply.
The programmer thought for a moment.
The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.
The programmers, now satisfied, began to come in a noon and work to the wee hours of the morning.
The programs, each unique, move through the system like a swift-flowing river.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
The proof that IBM didn't invent the car is that it has a steering wheel and an accelerator instead of spurs and ropes, to be compatible with a horse.
The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper thoughts about their neighbours.
The protracted value analysis of algorithms.
The provisions of this statute shall not apply to females weighing less than 90 pounds nor exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it apply to female horses.
The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.
The public demands certainties; it must be told definitely and a bit raucously that this is true and that is false.
The public is an old woman.
The public was supposed to be open-minded to the claims of paleontologists and fundamentalists, as if the two were scientific colleagues.
The public will also all act wisely, as they are also fully cognizant of the subtle nature of net society.
The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not engineers.
