Finally I got a run in which the computer showed the pulsar's temperature to be less than absolute zero.
Finally got one to work.
Finally he could stand it no longer.
Finally one soldier turns to the other and says, I don't like the sound of those drums.
Finally the big day was at hand.
Finally the company president called Sam into his office.
Finally the fan went to his seat, eager for the game to begin.
Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket and handed the others to Dutsky.
Finally, a man who can satisfy two women at once.
Finally, all references flowing from a white, male, eurocentric perspective have been eliminated, as have any other ruminations deemed denigrating to the political consensus of the moment.
Finally, an articulate and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with words and action the great thing to be accomplished.
Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming all others.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word canonical in jargon-like fashion without thinking.
Finally, nearly dead, sun-blind and with his skin peeling and blistering, he sees a restaurant in the distance.
Finally, on the day set, great numbers of gangs of track layers went to work at dawn.
Finally, one of the scientists suggested that since he was an experimentalist, he would try to fly the aircraft.
Finally, someone located the trouble spot and, using ordinary tweezers, removed the problem, a two-inch moth.
Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody remnants of the wolf and the fox.
Finally, the parrot figures out how almost every trick works and starts giving it away for the audience.
Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his usual pledge to the United Way Campaign.
Finally, turning for home, they passed a car dealership.
Find a way to reach her, make yourself a fool, But do it with a little class, disregard the rules.
Find out if you are taken to another bar.
Find someone who will buy you another beer.
Find the fun and snap!
Finding out what goes on in the C.
Finding the occasional straw of truth awash in a great ocean of confusion and bamboozle requires intelligence, vigilance, dedication and courage.
Fine day for friends.
Fine day to work off excess energy.
Fine said the man, and gave the student the paint and brushes.
Fine today, cooler tomorrow.
Fine, said the girl, smiling up at him demurely.
Fire Can't Burn Them!
Fire and lamp, and meat and bread, And then to bed!
Fire engines are always rush'n.
Firmware said to them: The Tao lies beyond Yin and Yang.
First a word about our product.
First it killed the Romans, And now it's killing me.
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity, no really self-respecting woman would take advantage of it.
First of all, do not run after your camera.
First rule of public speaking.
First study the enemy.
First there was Dial-A-Prayer, then Dial-A-Recipe, and even Dial-A-Footballer.
First there's the affair, then there's the marriage, then children and finally the fourth stage, without which you cannot know a woman, the divorce.
First time that I got it I was just ten years old, Got it from the kitty next door.
First we checked to make sure the amplifier would fit through the frame, using the belt from my bathrobe to measure, then we picked up the amplifier and backed up to my bedroom door.
First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and squirrel.
First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.
First you decide which direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy.
First, I kill the engine a block away from the house and coast into the garage.
First, a base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done.
First, a few words about tools.
First, he took a long time to answer, second, he was absolutely correct, and, third, his answer was absolutely useless.
First, we assume that horses are perfect spheres in simple harmonic motion.
Fish are fast moving vegetables.
Fishing through the ice, she replied.
Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
Five bicycles make a volkswagen, seven make a truck.
Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity.
Five o'clock tea at all hours.
Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.
Flakey and built to stay that way.
Flattery will get you everywhere.
Flawed beyond belief.
Flee at once, all is discovered.
Flesh and Blood have had their day.
Fletcher left a manuscript with a friend with instructions that it be published after his death; the manuscript was published in Physics Today, June 1982, page 43.
Flight Reservation systems decide whether or not you exist.
Flirting is the gentle art of making a man feel pleased with himself.
Floggings will continue until morale improves.
Flowcharts are, after all, the illiterate's form of documentation.
Fly Windows NT: All the passengers carry their seats out onto the tarmac, placing the chairs in the outline of a plane.
Fly me away to the bright side of the moon.
Flying is the second greatest feeling you can have.
Fold in schopped butter and strained chups.
Follow the leader, Johnny me laddie, Follow it through, me canny lad O; Follow the transport, Johnny me laddie, Away, lad, lie away, canny lad O!
Following the rules will not get the job done.
Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
Food, clothing, firing, rent, taxes, respectability and children.
Fools ignore complexity.
Football builds self-discipline.
Football combines the two worst features of American life.
Football is a game designed to keep coalminers off the streets.
For 20 dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time.
For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!
For I am an End-user of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me.
For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
For I perceive that behind this seemingly unrelated sequence of events, there lurks a singular, sinister attitude of mind.
For I swore I would stay a year away from her; out and alas!
For New York cabbies, honesty and stopping at red lights are both optional.
For a couple o' pins, says Troll, and grins, I'll eat thee too, and gnaw thy shins.
For a doctrine which is able to maintain itself not in clear light, but only in the dark, will of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with incalculable harm to human progress.
For a first offense, that is.
For a heavenly cause.
For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.
For a light heart lives long.
For a long while, yet, in the roses, She will linger on, yearning for peace, And slowly Close her weary eyes.
For a male and female to live continuously together is.
For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a cat.
For a young man, not yet: for an old man, never at all.
For adult education nothing beats children.
For all dreams are not equal, some exit to nightmare most end with the dreamer But at least one must be lived.
For almost two days you've run wild and insisted on chatting with persons who've never existed.
For although it may momentarily appear to be the case, it is not at all likely that the cabin is entirely inhabited by crying babies smoking inexpensive domestic cigars.
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.
For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be creamed?
For at noon the skies turned from blue to grey and by mid-afternoon had blackened over so densely that, in that religious age, men fell on their knees and begged a final blessing before the end came.
For best consistent contribution in the field of publishing our award goes to editor, R.
For breakfast, lunch and tea.
For certain people, after fifty, litigation takes the place of sex.
For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.
For courage mounteth with occasion.
For east or west all woods must fail.
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
For every bloke who makes his mark, there's half a dozen waiting to rub it out.
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
For every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong.
For every vengeance there is an equal and opposite revengeance.
For every voice counts!
For evil, return justice.
For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that any field that had the word science in its name was guaranteed thereby not to be a science.
For example, I could say: Bad grammar is the leading cause of slow, painful death in North America, or Without good grammar, the United States would have lost World War II.
For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of them put it, We could not now take time for further consideration, our victuals being spent and especially our beer.
For example, if you happen to work on campus, you will have 1-2 hours between classes.
For example, in Year 1 that useless letter c would be dropped to be replased either by k or s, and likewise x would no longer be part of the alphabet.
For example, our ethernet front ends need to know what network number they are on so that they can address and route PUPs properly.
For example, seriously restricting the concept of a pointer simply forces the programmer to use a vector plus integer arithmetic to implement structures, pointer, etc.
For example, there are no solids in the universe.
For example, when he filed his income tax return last year, he declared half of his salary as 'unearned income.
For example, when the magician makes a bouquet of flowers disappear, the parrot squawks Behind his back!
For example, when the user makes a syntax error, the interpreter displays the message GAG ME WITH A SPOON!
For example, your average man has 84 ties, but he wears, at most, only three of them.
For exceptional wit one might grant keelhauling.
For far more marvelous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined!
For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
For good, return good.
For him neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exists as an independent cause of natural events.
For if there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur of this life.
For instance they say elevator and we say lift.
For instance, I am not a goob might become I am.
For instance, if you add a sum from the bottom up, and then again from the top down, the result is always different.
For instance, last week this old boy who lives down the road from me, and is forever stinkmouthing my hounds, brought some city fellow around to try out ol' Sis here.
For instance, my grandmother used to say, The black cat is always the last one off the fence.
For instance, number 257 produces systematized logistical projection, a phrase that can be dropped into virtually any report with that ring of decisive, knowledgeable authority.
For instance, the degree to which people are bored, by counting the number of their fidgets.
For it looks like the shin o' my nuncle Tim, As should be a-lyin in graveyard.
For knighthood is not in the feats of war, As for to fight in quarrel right or wrong, But in a cause which truth cannot defer: He ought himself for to make sure and strong, Just to keep mixt with mercy among: And no quarrel a knight ought to take But for a truth, or for the common's sake.
For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.
For many years, they were content to sit back and make the same old carbonated beverage.
For me the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious, unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous desert, in this marvelous time.
For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble: and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed.
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier.
For my son, Robert, this is proving to be the high-point of his entire life to date.
For myself, I can only say that I am astonished and somewhat terrified at the results of this evening's experiments.
For one thing, he violates the law of conservation of energy.
For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
For purposes of humor it is popularly called a trunk.
For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say Canada.
For some reason, if a non-hitchhiker discovers that a hitchhiker has his towel with him, he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a toothbrush, washcloth, flask, gnat spray, space suit, etc.
For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
For someone trapped in net.
For surely anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
For symmetry with CAR, CDR returns a second value which is the CAR of the object.
For that matter, compare your pocket computer with the massive jobs of a thousand years ago.
For that matter, you're not even my species!
For the experience of age, in things that fall within the compass of it, directeth them; but in new things, abuseth them.
For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels, each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall was a gate.
For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
For the first time, I found that I really could change, and the qualities I most admired in myself I gave up.
For the first time, an eater could instantly grasp the connection between relieving depression and Mallomars, and understand why a lover's quarrel isn't so bad if there's a pint of ice cream nearby.
For the individual who is truly able to discriminate with regard to excellent quality standards of crafting things by hand.
For the individual who is very secure.
For the initiator has the emnity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new ones.
For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new ones.
For the lead role in a cage?
For the love of phlegm.
For the man who has everything.
For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.
For the purpose of answering examinations in your home economics class, your teacher is correct.
For the transit system, as it now operates, has hidden advantages that can't be measured in monetary terms.
For thee the wonder-working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
For theirs is a strength born of things other than mere force.
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.
For they are ever caught in a trap of their own making.
For thirty years a certain man went to spend every evening with Mme.
For this reason restricting language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best dangerous.
For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos.
For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
For those who wondered WTF QED means.
For though dark they stand, all woods there be must end at last, and see the open sun go past: the setting sun, the rising sun, the day's end, or the day begun.
For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
For three days and nights they just drift, with the magician clinging to one end of a piece of driftwood and the parrot perched on the other end.
For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief vacations at this country inn.
For two months, the father stands stiff, without food, blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing the egg on his feet.
For we are young and free.
For weeks beforehand, shops had been busy pressing wheels in on the axles to the new and narrower gauge, to have a supply of rolling stock which could run on the new track as soon as it was ready.
For what he thought was H2O, Was H2SO4.
For why does she have his hat on?
For years I tried smart.
For you have tapped into the same awesome primal power that produces credit-card billing errors and lost plane reservations.
For you the world is weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it.
For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!
Forbid your kids to do it.
Force feed the elephant.
Force has no place where there is need of skill.
Foreigners always spell better than they pronounce.
Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.
Forewarned is forearmed.
Forget it, the customer said.
Forgive him, for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature!
Form follows malfunction.
Formal evening attire for female computer analysts.
Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.
Forsan et haec olim meminisse juvabit.
Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.
Fortran programs, for example.
Fortunate is he for whom the belle toils.
Fortunately inspiration struck.
Fortunately, I am making it.
Fortunately, I had my eagle fly swatter handy.
Fortunately, at least for Moishe, the man was sound asleep.
Fortunately, he had an Texan friend and went to him for advice.
Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of the person making the claim, not the critic.
Fortunately, the second-to-last bug has just been fixed.
Fortunately, they seem to have gotten a bit bored and fallen asleep, for it looks like Cynthia may get to go home.
Fortunately, this isn't difficult.
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions: We can imagine no reason why, with ordinary care, human toes could not be left out of chewing tobacco, and if toes are found in chewing tobacco, it seems to us that someone has been very careless.
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions: We think that we may take judicial notice of the fact that the term bitch may imply some feeling of endearment when applied to a female of the canine species but that it is seldom, if ever, so used when applied to a female of the human race.
Fortune and love befriend the bold.
Fortune favors the lucky.
Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!
Fortune's Exercising Truths: 1: Richard Simmons gets paid to exercise like a lunatic.
Fortune's diet truths: 1: Forget what the cookbooks say, plain yogurt tastes nothing like sour cream.
Fortune's nomination for All-Time Champion and Protector of Youthful Morals goes to Representative Clare E.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m.
Forty-three programmers are known to have died of boredom sitting at their terminals while waiting for a SLOBOL program to compile.
Found it, the Mouse replied rather crossly: of course you know what 'it' means.
Four Tu-144s were built; two have crashed, and two are in museums.
Four and four is eight.
Four be the things I am wiser to know: Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.
Four be the things I'd been better without: Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.
Four fifths of the perjury in the world is expended on tombstones, women and competitors.
Four is an even number.
Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
Four million are in the Armed Services, which leaves 15 million to do the work.
Four thousand throats may be cut in one night by a running man.
Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Fourteen years in the professor dodge has taught me that one can argue ingeniously on behalf of any theory, applied to any piece of literature.
Francis said, You gave her great pleasure always.
Frank has built and lost his creature.
Frank looks like a sex-crazed shotgun slayer, doesn't he?
Frankfort, Kentucky, makes it against the law to shoot off a policeman's tie.
Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
Frankly, the easiest way to eliminate your guilt is to establish theirs by putting them on trial before they're cooked.
Frantic screams make me nervous.
Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason.
Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B.
Fred noticed his roommate had a black eye upon returning from a dance.
Free Speech Is The Right To Shout 'Theater' In A Crowded Fire.
Free a controlled variable procedure parameter and reallocate it before passing it back?
Free markets select for winning solutions.
Freedom begins when you tell Mrs.
Freedom from incrustation of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
Freedom is still the most radical idea of all.
Freedom of the press is for those who happen to own one.
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
Fremen add life to spice!
French for not enough food.
French, and difficult to stir.
Fresh fruit is not dessert.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning, The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell: All creatures joy in the sun's returning, And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.
Friday, with symposium to follow.
Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Friends were surprised, indeed, when Frank and Jennifer broke their engagement, but Frank had a ready explanation: Would you marry someone who was habitually unfaithful, who lied at every turn, who was selfish and lazy and sarcastic?
Friends, Romans, Hipsters, Let me clue you in; I come to put down Caesar, not to groove him.
Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority over the other.
Frisbee Frobenius to the common usage, 'hack'.
From 0 to what seems to be the problem officer in 8.
From Sharp minds come.
From Weekends and nights in front of a screen.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
From a cold steel rail?
From a performance viewpoint, however, it is more appropriate to view the host area as a four dimensional hyper-cube, the four dimensions being cylinder, group, track, and sector.
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From now on, I'm going to protect them with you!
From rain when it's fall-ish, I'm going to protect them.
From that small, untutored boy.
From the ashes a fire shall be woken, A light from the shadows shall spring; Renewed shall be blade that was broken, The crownless again shall be king.
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
From the fury of the norsemen deliver us, O Lord!
From the little that has seeped out, it would appear that MAFIA operates under a non-standard protocol, OMERTA, a tight-lipped variant of SNA, in which extended handshakes also perform complex security functions.
From the man's shape, Krat could tell it was a female, probably their leader.
From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was convulsed with laughter.
From the patch for 1.
From the speck on that clover their voices were heard!
From the sun in the summer.
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
From then on, the monk did not bother Tortue.
From then on, when anything went wrong with a computer, we said it had bugs in it.
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere.
From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter Thompson's disease.
From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving, Whatever gods may be, That no life lives forever, That dead men rise up never, That even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.
From what I've tasted of desire I hold with those who favor fire.
From where the sun now stands I Will Fight No More Forever.
From which and many other similar phenomena of nature such as the seven metals, etc.
Fruit are vegetables that fool you by tasting good.
Fruit flies like a banana.
Fruit salad is Jewish.
Fruitcakes make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable to find a way to damage them.
Full, pursed lips protruded beneath the bushy black moustache and, at their corners, sank into little folds filled with disapproval and potato chip crumbs.
Fully clothed, I might add.
Fun With Usenet postings are no exception.
Functionality breeds Contempt.
Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.
Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
Furious, he confronted Saint Peter at the pearly gates.
Furious, he stood up and yelled at the top of his lungs, My name isn't Dave!
Further and further up they went.
Furthermore, since such voluminous pseudocode is too distracting to be kept in the listing itself, it must be kept in a separate folder.
Furthermore, the non-hitchhiker will then happily lend the hitchhiker any of these or a dozen other items that he may have lost.
Fuss, the god of the Southern Ocean, and Fret, the god of the Northern Ocean, happened once to meet in the realm of Chaos, the god of the center.
Futhermore, if the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling their thumbs for ten months.
G is for grep, a clever detective, while H is for halt, which may seem defective.
GCs into a suitable tempfile and mix in some melted butter.
GIVE: Support the helpless victims of computer error.
GO refreshed 1938 The best friend thirst ever had 1939 Thirst stops here 1942 It's the real thing 1947 Have a Coke 1961 Zing!
GOOD-NIGHT, everybody.
Gabe put the carcass back out in the alley and went back to business.
Gabe shook his head sadly and said to the ghost, I can't.
Gag me with a smurfette.
Gail Wynand, who prided himself on never needing a lesson twice, did not fall in love again in the years that followed.
Galileo was not shown the instruments of torture in an abstract debate about lunar motion.
Gandhi often changed his mind publicly.
Gangly and frail, the hacker has a high forehead and thinning hair.
Garbage at your fingertips.
Gardens are for plants to live in.
Garth, took the stunned Pope to one side.
Gateways are required by definition to know their correct network numbers.
Gaulle occassionally acknowledges America to be the daughter of Europe, so I am pleased to come to Yale, the daughter of Harvard.
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there.
Gay shlafen, darling.
Gay shlafen: Yiddish for go to sleep.
Gee how I wish he'd go away!
Gee, I wish we hadn't backed down on 'noalias'.
Gee, Toto, I don't think we are in Kansas anymore.
Gee, Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
General notions are generally wrong.
Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why you should.
Genius does what it must.
Genius doesn't work on an assembly line basis.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Genius is ten percent inspiration and fifty percent capital gains.
Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
Gentle Reader: Certainly.
Gentle Reader: Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face.
Gentlemen of the jury, said the defense attorney, now beginning to warm to his summation, the real question here before you is, shall this beautiful young woman be forced to languish away her loveliest years in a dark prison cell?
Gentlemen, Whilst marching from Portugal to a position which commands the approach to Madrid and the French forces, my officers have been diligently complying with your requests which have been sent by H.
Genuine happiness is when a wife sees a double chin on her husband's old girl friend.
Georg Wilhelm Hegel, on his deathbed, complained, Only one man ever understood me.
George Orwell was an optimist.
George Will: I don't think astrology belongs even on the comic pages.
George and Ringo miffed.
George quieted the crowd and said, Now we'll begin!
George yelled at the dog.
George's friend Sam had a dog who could recite the Gettysburg Address.
George's response was something like this: 'Charles Eames is an unusual talent.
Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
Get a perfectly symmetrical plank and balance it across a sawhorse.
Get back on course and do it again.
Get back to your stations!
Get even with your old lady.
Get in touch with your feelings of hostility against the dying light.
Get into that garbage chute, flyboy!
Get out of our lives you rascal.
Get out, you old Wight!
Get up one time more than you're knocked down.
Get your head out of the clouds.
Gets married to other data, divorced.
Getting into trouble is easy.
Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is liked getting kicked out of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.
Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.
Gibble, Gobble, we ACCEPT YOU.
Gil-galad was an Elven-king.
Girls are better looking in snowstorms.
Girls marry for love.
Girls who throw themselves at men, are actually taking very careful aim.
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking out of him.
Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs pounding.
Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.
Give all orders verbally.
Give him an evasive answer.
Give it clean water and feed it fresh air.
Give it to others instead.
Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.
Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for my 'gator.
Give me a fish and I will eat today.
Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.
Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
Give me enough medals, and I'll win any war.
Give me your students, your secretaries, Your huddled writers yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your Selectric III's.
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.
Give the core an extra tug And the system is going to crash.
Give the information a moment to sink in and then remark that you were only kidding, that your lover is merely of a different religion.
Give these, the homeless, typist-tossed to me.
Give thought to your reputation.
Give up skiing and skydiving for more horizontal sports like curling.
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
Give your very best today.
Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is funnier.
Given my druthers, I'd druther not.
Given sufficient time, what you put off doing today will get done by itself.
Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd rather lie around.
Given the incredible advances in sociocybernetics and telepsychology over the last few years, we are now able to completely understand everything that the author of an memo is trying to say.
Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden: Languages whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful.
Gloffing is a state of mine.
Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Go away, I'm all right.
Go back to California where you came from.
Go climb a gravity well!
Go forth and create a masterwork!
Go home to your WIFE.
Go home with some office supplies.
Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me, gently!
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
Go on and give it a try, Why prolong the agony, all men must die.
Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, And remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends, but quickly to their misfortunes.
Go soothingly in the snow, as there lurk the ski demons.
Go stand next to nearest dog.
Go the expatriated Americans, Hoping to find some fun.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
Go to a movie tonight.
Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where they have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of Raisinets and malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon administration.
Go to sleep, you little wretch!
Go to the daily papers.
Go west, young man, go west!
God Rest Ye Merry Merchants, What's important is.
God bless Mommy and Daddy and Keith and Kim, she said.
God created a few perfect heads.
God decided to take the devil to court and settle their differences once and for all.
God doesn't play dice.
God gave New Jersey first choice.
God gave man two ears and one tongue so that we listen twice as much as we speak.
God given right to receive Net Mail.
God gives burdens; also shoulders Jimmy Carter cited this Jewish saying in his concession speech at the end of the 1980 election.
God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.
God grant me the senility to accept the things I cannot change, The frustration to try to change things I cannot affect, and the wisdom to tell the difference.
God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.
God has always resembled his creators.
God help the troubadour who tries to be a star.
God help those who do not help themselves.
God helps them that themselves.
God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
God instructs the heart, not by ideas, but by pains and contradictions.
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.
God is dead and I don't feel all too well either.
God is love, but get it in writing.
God is real, unless declared integer.
God is really only another artist.
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean.
God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.
God must love the common man; He made so many of them.
God requireth not a uniformity of religion.
God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
God save our Gracious Queen!
God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.
God shows his contempt for wealth by the kind of person he selects to receive it.
God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.
God, I had no idea it was so hard to be a woman.
God, if ignorance of fear were courage.
Goddard launched the first liquid-propelled rocket, achieving an altitude of 41 feet.
Goes with the territory.
Going forward is a way to retreat.
Going from DOS to Linux is like trading a glider for an F117.
Going further, I lay down the doctrine that it is a sheer physical impossibility for such a man to live in the United States and not be happy.
Going the speed of light is bad for your age.
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields Sold in a market down in New Orleans Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright Hear him whip the women, just around midnight Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Goldberry, Goldberry, merry yellow berry-o!
Golden leaf after leaf Falls from the tall acacia.
Gong, n: Medieval term for privy, or what pased for them in that era.
Gonna take a ride across the moon.
Gonzalo Tornaria in response to Linus Torvalds's mailing about a kernel bug.
Good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Good children always obey.
Good day for a change of scene.
Good day for overcoming obstacles.
Good day to avoid cops.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Good debuggers, though, know that there has to be a reason.
Good design and the absence of errors cannot be guaranteed by mere language features.
Good enough is never good enough.
Good evening, gentlemen.
Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of those who govern.
Good health is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.
Good judgement comes from experience.
Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.
Good morning, and he glittered when he walked.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
Good night, Austin, Texas, wherever you are!
Good salesmen and good repairmen will never go hungry.
Good shall always destroy evil.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
Good thing my camera had a flash.
Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie.
Gort, klaatu nikto barada.
Gosh that takes me back.
Got a bad scratch fever.
Got a complaint about the Internal Revenue Service?
Got a wife and kids in Baltimore Jack, I went out for a ride and never came back.
Got two good eyes But we still don't see.
Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish.
Government expands to absorb revenue and then some.
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
Governor Ronald Reagan was sworn in just after midnight in his first term in Sacramento because the stars said it was a propitious time.
Gozer the Gozerian: As the duly appointed representative of the city, county and state of New York, I hereby order you to cease all supernatural activities at once and proceed immediately to your place of origin or the nearest parallel dimension, whichever is nearest.
Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over the bar, the giant thundered, Gimme a drink!
Grace Murray Hopper has firsthand explanation.
Gracefully pass them on to the youth at the next desk.
Graduate life: It's not just a job.
Graduate students and most professors are no smarter than undergrads.
Graduating seniors, parents and friends.
Grammatically separable; one may speak of biting the bag.
Grand Canyon it would probably be a good idea.
Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine.
Graphics blind the eyes.
Grasp the lobster behind the head, look it right in its unmistakably guilty eyestalks and say, Where were you on the night of the 21st?
Gratitude and treachery are merely the two extremities of the same procession.
Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
Gratuitous incompatibility.
Graven images may be tolerated by the luxurious cults, but the true IBM faith relies on the austerity of the word.
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love.
Gravity brings me down.
Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
Gravity: What you get when you eat too much and too fast.
Grease oven and turn cake pan to 350 gredees and rake until poothtick comes out crean.
Great Danes are no problem!
Great Man rouses himself to his Work.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Great generals are forewarned.
Great minds run in great circles.
Great minds think alike?
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Greater talent shows itself late in life.
Greatness is a transitory experience.
Gretzky gets the rebound!
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, I get about twenty-five in the city and forty on the highway.
Groups of guitars are on the way out.
Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.
Grover Cleveland, though constantly at loggerheads with the Senate, got on better with the House of Representatives.
Growing old isn't bad when you consider the alternatives.
Grub first, then ethics.
Grundy to go fly a kite.
Guaranteed to be at least 5000 years old.
Gubru and the rapidly turning Earth ship.
Gumbinowitz, mechanical engineer, in a hidden-camera interview.
Guys were after me like you can't believe.
HE asked me about black holes in space.
HE described the complexities of the microchips required to create the graphics.
HE said, Mom, I just don't understand women.
HE talked internal combustion engines.
HE wanted to discuss nature's food chains.
HELLO, everybody, I'm a HUMAN!
HERE LIES LESTER MOORE SHOT 4 TIMES WITH A.
HP had a unique policy of allowing its engineers to take parts from stock as long as they built something.
HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed down-stairs a step at a time.
Hack for the user's benefit.
Hack placidly amidst the noisy printers and remember what prizes there may be in Science.
Hacker's Guide To Cooking: 2 pkg.
Hackers are just a migratory lifeform with a tropism for computers.
Hackers of the world, unite!
Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.
Had divine intervention been the guiding force, surely two millennia after the birth of Jesus he would not have a world where there are more Muslims than Catholics, more Hindus than Protestants, and more nontheists than Catholics and Protestants combined.
Had there been an actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.
Had this been an actual emergency, we would have fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.
Had this been an actual life, you would have received further instructions as to what to do and where to go.
Hadamard refers to Poincare having had a.
Hagar's note: The first definition is much preferred; the second is used only by malcontents, the envious, and disgruntled owners of waterfront property.
Hailing frequencies open, Captain.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?
Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be.
Half a mind is a terrible thing to waste!
Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.
Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks!
Hands, leave off your deeds, Mind, forget all thoughts; All of my forces Yearn only to sink into sleep.
Hang around with rich people and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
Hangmen and politicians work best when the human spirit is at its lowest ebb.
Happens every six months or so.
Happily for posterity, the moves are recorded and so chess enthusiasts may reconstruct this magnificent collapse in the comfort of their own homes.
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
Happiness is a hard disk.
Happiness is a positive cash flow.
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.
Happiness is just next to you.
Happiness is right next to you.
Happiness is the greatest good.
Happiness is twin floppies.
Happiness is unattainable.
Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.
Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
Happiness lies in the swiftness of feeling and thinking: all the rest of the world is slow, gradual and stupid.
Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.
Happiness was born a twin.
Happy feast of the pig!
Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
Hardware has limitations, software doesn't.
Hardware met Software on the road to Changtse.
Hardware works best when it matters the least.
Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze: It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
Hark ye, Clinker, you are a most notorious offender.
Hark, the Herald Tribune sings, Advertising wondrous things.
Harley-Davidson motorcycles.
Harold had never wanted a woman so much in his life, upon overhearing the 22-year-old beauty remark that he was too old and out of shape for her.
Harp not on that string.
Harry cools the air in the balloon, and they descend to below the cloud cover.
Harry is heavily into camping, and every year in the late fall, he makes us all go to Assateague, which is an island on the Atlantic Ocean famous for its wild horses.
Harry's bar has a new cocktail.
Harvard's is a subtle taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco.
Has anyone ever tasted an end?
Has anyone had problems with the computer accounts?
Has anyone realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is to defuse project tensions?
Has everybody got HALVAH spread all over their ANKLES?
Has everyone noticed that all the letters of the word database are typed with the left hand?
Has given you the call.
Has lasted the rest of my life.
Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility?
Hash missile sighted, target Los Angeles.
Hast thou not dragged Diana from her car?
Hast thou not torn the Naiad from her flood, The Elfin from the green grass, and from me The summer dream beneath the tamarind tree?
Hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
Hate me because I'm beautiful, smart and rich.
Hate the sin and love the sinner.
Hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?
Hating the Yankees is as American as pizza pie, unwed mothers and cheating on your income tax.
Have I explained yet about the bytes?
Have a nice diurnal anomaly.
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom.
Have a seat on me: please sit on the floor.
Have an adequate day.
Have fun with your chosen mode of existence!
Have mate's phone bugged.
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
Have the courage to take your own thoughts seriously, for they will shape you.
Have you disclosed so much that you're beginning to avoid people?
Have you ever asked what is the root of money?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Have you ever felt like a wounded cow halfway between an oven and a pasture?
Have you ever seen me before?
Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
Have you lived here all your life?
Have you locked your file cabinet?
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?
Have you noticed the way people's intelligence capabilities decline sharply the minute they start waving guns around?
Have you reconsidered a computer career?
Have you seen how Sonny's burning, Like some bright erotic star, He lights up the proceedings, And raises the temperature.
Have you seen the latest Japanese camera?
Have you seen the old man in the closed down market, Kicking up the papers in his worn out shoes?
Have you seen the old man outside the sea-man's mission Memories fading like the metal ribbons that he wears.
Have you seen the well-to-do, up and down Park Avenue?
Have you thought about taking a hike?
Have you thought of becoming a salesperson?
Have you touched so many people that they're all beginning to feel the same?
Haven't you got a sense of humor?
Having a baby isn't so bad.
Having a wonderful wine, wish you were beer.
Having an ex you can bank on.
Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
Having found them, we shall then hate them for it.
Having no doubt; certain.
Having no talent is no longer enough.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
Having someone to blame.
Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
Having the source code means that we are not held hostage by anyone's support department.
Having wandered helplessly into a blinding snowstorm Sam was greatly relieved to see a sturdy Saint Bernard dog bounding toward him with the traditional keg of brandy strapped to his collar.
Having worked for poor management, they no longer value their jobs.
Hawk, we're going to die.
He allows things to come and go.
He always held that panic was the best means of survival; back in the olden days, his theory went, people faced with hungry sabretoothed tigers could be divided very simply into those who panicked and those who stood there saying What a magnificent brute!
He ambles slowly into the saloon, goes up to the bar, leans over it, and says to the bartender, I'm here t'git the man that shot muh paw.
He answered, Your armpit's a beard!
He appears to be wearing the same clothes as the last time.
He asked his mother, Why doesn't HE have a lollipop?
He asked how long had it been that way.
He asked me where I live.
He asked, 'Why are you breaking into my house in the middle of the night?
He asserted that they could prepare the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating; it would be well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule.
He asserted that they could write the specifications and do it right.
He avoided work as a rule, but had a quickness of wit that put his acquaintances in mind of a bright rodent.
He bought him a Mercedes Toy.
He brought death into the world.
He buys everything that looks good.
He caldwell in his joy.
He called her by her elvish name; And there she halted listening.
He calls out, Who's there?
He calls up his best friend, who is a mathematical genius.
He came back from his honeymoon a chastened man.
He came home, and next morning he was dead.
He can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless existence recurring eternally.
He can spare a share for a poor old troll For he don't need his shinbone.
He changes the domain.
He chortled in his joy.
He claims this is his, she said, obviously very upset.
He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous liquid.
He consistently refused to do anything which might ruffle or offend the criminal classes.
He continues, Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is.
He could feel the water from the roof running down the back of his neck as he stood on the stoop.
He could have just picked up this phone and called you from here.
He creates himself by fashoning his own values; he has the pride to live by the values he wills.
He cried, and ran on.
He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable perversion.
He did not rate that text as a plucked hen Which says that Hackers are not holy men.
He did thirteen ducks that way and was digging a hole for another one when Tony found him.
He didn't know where he was going.
He didn't offer me nothing; he just said I could have the furniture.
He didn't run for reelection.
He died in Washington, D.
He does not desire to chant about anything with raving psychiatrists, but he sings about his gingivectomist, he dreams about a single cosmologist, he thinks about his dog.
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument.
He dug little holes all over the yard and picked up the ducks in his mouth and put them in the holes.
He even has one of them mowing his lawn after work.
He even told you he'd be hurt if.
He explained that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
He explained that this would be contrary to the political concept of local self-sufficiency.
He explained this to a man who answered one door.
He fell silent for a while and then added, And he didn't understand me.
He finally broached the question to a lady he knew who held a black belt in judo.
He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
He found him in Mombasa, in a bar room drinking gin, Roland aimed his Thompson gun, he didn't say a word, But he blew Van Owen's body from there to Johannesburg.
He found out what kimosabe really means.
He gave a hollow laugh.
He gave her a look that you could have poured on a waffle.
He generally picks the wrong time to talk and says the wrong things.
He gently coiled himself around the rabbit.
He gets excited and starts pulling a trigger like another guy wipes his nose.
He glared at the driver and said, Big John doesn't pay!
He goes back out to the truck, and there's another animated conversation.
He goes over to his terminal and runs his program.
He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.
He grew so fast no plotting pack could shrink him far enough.
He gripped the magician's shoulder hard, to keep from falling.
He guns the engines, only to realise that the plane is too big to get through the hangar doors.
He had been programming all night.
He had his face lifted, bought a toupee, ran five miles every day, lifted weights and adopted a strict vegetarian diet.
He had money as well.
He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly delightful.
He had threatened the Church's conventional argument for social and doctrinal stability: the static world order with planets circling about a central earth, priests subordinate to the Pope and serfs to their lord.
He had trouble metabolizing alcohol.
He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
He hadn't been surprised.
He has but doesn't possess, acts but doesn't expect.
He has dark circles under his eyes.
He has defeated the 130MB disk!
He has defeated your Ethernet board!
He has gone beyond the need for design; he does not become angry when the system crashes, but accepts the universe without concern.
He has gone beyond the need for documentation; he no longer cares if anyone else sees his code.
He has gone beyond the need for testing; each of his programs are perfect within themselves, serene and elegant, their purpose self-evident.
He has gone on a pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new disciples.
He has had his pajamas on for two, maybe three days now.
He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
He has several pencils sticking out from behind his ears and an almost maniacal expression on his face.
He has shown you, o man, what is good.
He hasn't the faintest idea.
He hated and loved what they hated and loved and he was invariably found on the side of those in power.
He hated his manipulative boss, his conniving and unethical co-workers, his greedy wife, and his snivelling, spoiled children.
He hath eaten me out of house and home.
He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.
He heard there oft the flying sound Of feet as light as linden-leaves, Of music welling underground, In hidden hollows quavering.
He held another press conference, announcing that the division would be restructured.
He hid in the bushes to find out, which vitiated his premise but made him happy.
He hit a high fly right to the center fielder.
He hits you with a 575MB disk!
He hits your 130MB disk!
He hits your Ethernet board!
He invented Cliff's notes.
He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat.
He is a big star, so post to sci.
He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
He is a pig-headed fool.
He is amazed that a chicken is running at forty m.
He is at the height of his powers.
He is best known today for having written The Last Days of Pompeii.
He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
He is filled with the Tao.
He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way.
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
He is the best of men who dislikes power.
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
He is up against a brick wall.
He is very different from me.
He is very, very like me from the heels up to the head; And I see him jump before me, when I jump into my bed.
He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
He just doesn't want to get involved.
He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.
He kept favoring curry.
He kept muttering something about jiffies and pegs,'' they say.
He knew the tavernes well in every toun.
He knows he doesn't know what he's doing, so he does it carefully and with great restraint.
He knows if you've been bad or good, He has ties with the CIA.
He knows it because he fired the guy.
He knows not how to know who knows not also how to unknow.
He knows when you've been sleeping, He know when you're awake.
He laughs at every joke three times.
He lets something fall.
He looked again and saw it was A penny postage stamp.
He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
He looks up, and shouts, Back to second if I can make it.
He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time.
He makes a great slide into third, and I scream, Brandy, where are you going?
He may catch all the others, but he won't catch me.
He may exist on nuts and berries, Or then again, on missionaries; His distant habitat precludes Conclusive knowledge of his moods.
He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
He must be properly interred.
He needs great talent, ten years experience and considerable systems and applications knowledge, whether in applied mathematics, business data handling, or whatever.
He never claimed to be a god.
He never saw that girl again.
He of all men should behave as though the law compelled him.
He peered between the hemlock-leaves And saw in wonder flowers of gold Upon her mantle and her sleeves, And her hair like shadow following.
He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
He plugs in his guitar and plays as loud as he wants, day and night, and there's no one to laugh or boo or even look bored.
He preferred people to be puzzled rather than contemptuous.
He preferred to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.
He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
He put on a cap and looked forward to watching people's faces as he conducted them round the choice of bumperless, dented junkmobiles.
He reached in his pocket, found a piece of paper on which he furiously scribbled some notes, thought it over, decided there was a fallacy in his idea, and threw the piece of paper away.
He really gives some effort to it.
He recently received a substational cash award from our government for inventing a device for optical scanning.
He remarked that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he becomes a mathematical certainty.
He repeated his warning, they shouted even louder.
He replied, I say Aaron Copeland.
He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
He rm'd, cp'd, and mv'd happily for many days, and upon finding elvis, he vi'd and was happy.
He said You needn't shout so loud.
He said You're sick, you're obscene.
He said he couldn't answer that, I told him sorry, but I couldn't work for him then.
He said nothing and walked out of the house.
He said this was normal because inmates sometimes missed roll-call or hid, but usually came back the next morning.
He said why don't you give me a call.
He said, But if you look at the Garden itself, in the beginning there was chaos and void, and out of that the Garden and the world were created.
He said, Do I know you?
He said, I am not fighting for you any more.
He said, I see you now, and you're so very young, But I've seen more battles lost than I have battles won, And I have this intuition that it's all for your fun.
He said, No hablo ingles.
He said,What you need is to grow up, son.
He said: Son, this world is rough, And if a man's gonna make it he's gotta be tough, And I knew I wouldn't be there to help you along.
He sat down at the controls and tried to figure them out.
He saw the elven-flowers spring About her feet, and healed again He longed by her to dance and sing Upon the grass untroubling.
He says Unix runs too slow!
He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the Year award.
He says that he has this totally tubular VAX at home and it's stuffed with memory-to-the-max!
He says that smoke is the thing that makes ICs work because every time you let the smoke out of an IC circuit, it stops working.
He scrubs the POPE with a mild soap or detergent for 15 minutes, starring JANE FONDA!
He seemed to enjoy it.
He sees Jimi Hendrix sitting next to him, tuning his guitar.
He sent her a picture of his brother Sam, She sent one from some past high school day, And it might have gone on for the rest of their lives, If they hadn't met in L.
He sets out a glass and pours her a triple shot of Rye.
He signed up for bodybuilding courses, karate, judo, and all that good stuff.
He silenced them and said these words: The day of judgment is either approaching or it is not.
He sought her ever, wandering far Where leaves of years were thickly strewn, By light of moon and ray of star In frosty heavens shivering.
He spent his time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.
He spent the night in a warehouse.
He spit out, Send: I'm a battleship, change course 20 degrees.
He started off, only to turn and come back before reaching the green.
He strolled over to the side of the car and asked, Ach, lass, are you SURE you want to know?
He stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an agressive Rhode Island Red hopped on top.
He succeeded only in falling over and bruising his forehead.
He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal prestige of His identity.
He talks of peace if it is the only way to live.
He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto him.
He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He that teaches himself has a fool for a master.
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
He then said: If a man does not see or hear the waters of the Jordan, then he should not taste the pomegranate or ply his wares in an open market.
He then stood aghast as the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and smacked his lips with relish.
He thinks a jacket is just getting broken in about the time it develops holes in the elbows.
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
He thinks the Gettysburg Address is where Lincoln lived.
He thought for several minutes before replying.
He thought he saw an albatross That fluttered 'round the lamp.
He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than three hundred years ago.
He told me later that he had never seen such a program in his entire career.
He told me, he says, I have to kill you because you can identify me.
He told the operator, This is a parson to parson call.
He took a seat next to a hulking bruiser of a man who happened to be the heavyweight champion of the world.
He turned and walked slowly down the stream for twenty yards, splashed across it, and walked slowly back on the other side.
He turns to a gorgeous woman, who is obviously windowshopping, looks her straight in the eye and says, I can tell by your eyes that you really want that necklace.
He walked over and spoke with her for a few minutes, then returned to the front desk, where they checked in as Mr.
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
He wants to bring me down.
He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
He was a modest, good-humored boy.
He was about to settle down among them when a bee buzzed up and said, Hold it, stupid, that's flypaper.
He was asked about many things, but I will give you two examples that are very revealing about life in the Soviet Union.
He was giving it last rites.
He was going to make a long-distance caw.
He was going to suck my blood!
He was handed over to the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the army where he was then executed.
He was introduced to me, at which time he pointed out that we were both holding bags of popcorn.
He was looking at Spold in the same way as a dog looks at a bone, only in this case things were more or less the other way around.
He was not an insurance salesman in Raleigh, did not win the lottery, neither he nor his mother was charged or involved in any way with vehicular homicide, and he made no comment about Flipper or George Wilson.
He was not only inept, he was a coward, he could not handle the horses, he was, in short, a complete flop.
He was released in 1917, emigrated to America and lived until 1933.
He was right on both counts.
He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his car.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
He was something of an animist, however, and felt that the car really ought to have a name.
He was subsequently nicknamed Hot Lips.
He wasn't there again today.
He wears a Rolex watch, because it weighs nearly six pounds and is advertised only in excellence-oriented publications such as Fortune and Rich Protestant Golfer Magazine.
He went duck hunting one time and did real well at it.
He went rebounding back.
He went weehawken back.
He whipped one back at me.
He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry attacks democracy itself.
He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for the human condition is a fool.
He who despises himself nevertheless esteems himself as a self-despiser.
He who enters his wife's dressing room is a philosopher or a fool.
