A 'full' life in my experience is usually full only of other people's demands.
A 13 year-old blond with an angelic face misses supper.
A CONS is an object which cares.
A Chicago salesman was about to check into a St.
A Chihuahua isn't a dog.
A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief as your goal.
A Difficulty for Every Solution.
A Dublin lawyer died in poverty and many barristers of the city subscribed to a fund for his funeral.
A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.
A French chopping center.
A German, a Pole and a Czech left camp for a hike through the woods.
A Hollywood producer calls a friend, another producer on the phone.
A Horrifying Movie of Wierd Beauties and Shocking Monsters.
A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.
A LOVER in your arms!
A Live Celebrity Gets Eaten by a Shark'.
A Los Angeles judge ruled that a citizen may snore with immunity in his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and exceptional ability in that particular field.
A Lot less than 50 years worth of paralysis.
A MODERN FABLE Aesop's fables and other traditional children's stories involve allegory far too subtle for the youth of today.
A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new game.
A New York City judge ruled that if two women behind you at the movies insist on discussing the probable outcome of the film, you have the right to turn around and blow a Bronx cheer at them.
A No uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a Yes merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble.
A Paris theater can be infused with the spiritual for all its solidity.
A Riverside, California, health ordinance states that two persons may not kiss each other without first wiping their lips with carbolized rosewater.
A Roman divorced from his wife, being highly blamed by his friends, who demanded, Was she not chaste?
A Scholar asked his Master, Master, would you advise me of a proper vocation?
A Scotsman was strolling across High Street one day wearing his kilt.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
A Thaum is the basic unit of magical strength.
A University without students is like an ointment without a fly.
A Vulcan can no sooner be disloyal than he can exist without breathing.
A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1.
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.
A bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once.
A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman out of a divorce.
A bachelor is an unaltared male.
A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy for ever.
A backscratcher will always find new itches.
A bad idea whose time has come.
A bad marriage is like a horse with a broken leg, you can shoot the horse, but it don't fix the leg.
A bagpipe with pleats.
A bagpiper with a beeper.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back the when it begins to rain.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
A beautiful man is paradise for the eyes, hell for the soul, and purgatory for the purse.
A beautiful woman is a blessing from Heaven, but a good cigar is a smoke.
A beautiful woman is a picture which drives all beholders nobly mad.
A beer delayed is a beer denied.
A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that balances are correct.
A billion hours ago man had not yet walked on earth.
A billion minutes ago was just after the time of Christ.
A billion saved is a billion earned.
A billion seconds ago Harry Truman was president.
A biologist, a statistician, a mathematician and a computer scientist are on a photo-safari in Africa.
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.
A bit o' fresh meat will go down sweet!
A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.
A black porter was carrying my bags, and as we were waiting for the train to come in, he said to me: Excuse me, Mr.
A blind rabbit was hopping through the woods, tripping over logs and crashing into trees.
A blue whale in my soup.
A body of elderly gentlemen charged with high duties and misdemeanors.
A book is the work of a mind, doing its work in the way that a mind deems best.
A booming voice says, Wrong, cretin!
A bore is a man who talks so much about himself that you can't talk about yourself.
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours.
A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.
A box without hinges, key, or lid, Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance of turning around three times before lying down.
A boy gets to be a man when a man is needed.
A boy scout troop went on a hike.
A boy spent years collecting postage stamps.
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward.
A bug can be changed to a feature by documenting it.
A bug in incant, made it thus.
A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
A building that's perfect, it has no flaw!
A bump o' the boot on the seat, Tom thoguht, Would be the way to larn him.
A bunch of Polish scientists decided to flee their repressive government by hijacking an airliner and forcing the pilot to fly them to the West.
A bunch of the boys were whooping it in the Malemute saloon; The kid that handles the music box was hitting a jag-time tune; Back of the bar, in a solo game, sat Dangerous Dan McGrew, And watching his luck was his light-o'-love, the lady that's known as Lou.
A bureaucrat's idea of cleaning up his files is to make a copy of everything before he destroys it.
A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
A canary with the super-user password.
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other.
A car is just a big purse on wheels.
A car with only one working headlight.
A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.
A cat gets horny, it does something about it.
A cat has one tail more than no cat.
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
A celestial object whose phase is very important to hackers.
A central corporate headquarters decrees the form of all rites and practices.
A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance.
A certain old cat had made his home in the alley behind Gabe's bar for some time, subsisting on scraps and occasional handouts from the bartender.
A certain small number of brain cells will deteriorate due to everday activity, but large amounts are weakened by intense mental effort and the assimilation of difficult concepts.
A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with bright.
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.
A child is a person who can't understand why someone would give away a perfectly good kitten.
A child of 5 could understand this!
A child of five could understand this!
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
A chronic disposition to inquiry deprives domestic felines of vital qualities.
A circus foreman was making the rounds inspecting the big top when a scrawny little man entered the tent and walked up to him.
A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
A city in central Masschewsetts.
A civilized race could not have found such a trick in the Library!
A civilized race could not have stooped so low!
A classic is something that everyone wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
A clever prophet makes sure of the event first.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A cloud does not know why it moves in just such a direction and at such a speed, if feels an impulsion.
A commercial, and in some respects a social, doubt has been started within the last year or two, whether or not it is right to discuss so openly the security or insecurity of locks.
A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.
A committee takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts and dies, scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom.
A commune is where people join together to share their lack of wealth.
A company is known by the men it keeps.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
A comprehensive plan of inaction.
A compromise, I imagine.
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention, with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequilla.
A computer owner who can read the manual.
A computer salesman visits a company president for the purpose of selling the president one of the latest talking computers.
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate cake without ketchup and mustard.
A concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late.
A concise, clever statement.
A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done.
A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.
A contagious good cheer is the hallmark of this presidency, even when the most dismal matters are concerned.
A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
A cop pulled me over for speeding.
A cop will shine a light in your face.
A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the damned things is ample.
A couch is as good as a chair.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
A couple more shots of whiskey, women 'round here start looking good.
A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong game.
A couple of young fellers were fishing at their special pond off the beaten track when out of the bushes jumped the Game Warden.
A cousin heard him the other day and screamed with enthusiasm.
A cousin of mine once said about money, money is always there but the pockets change; it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money.
A cow is a completely automated milk-manufacturing machine.
A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!
A creature that can leap to tremendous heights.
A crisis is when you can't say let's forget the whole thing.
A critic is a bundle of biases held loosely together by a sense of taste.
A critic is simply someone paid to render opinions glibly.
A critic of the day said she was worse than a Gatling gun and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded.
A crow perched himself on a telephone wire.
A cucumber is not a vegetable but a fruit.
A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
A day for firm decisions!
A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.
A day without sunshine is like a day without Anita Bryant.
A day without sunshine is like a day without orange juice.
A day without sunshine is like night.
A dead man cannot bite.
A deaf policeman heard the noise, Came and arrested those two dead boys.
A debugged program is one for which you have not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
A decided, they wanted Roland dead, That son-of-a-bitch Van Owen, blew off Roland's head.
A decision in your favor.
A definition of teaching: casting fake pearls before real swine.
A derogatory term, usually referring to a person's intelligence.
A different color or shape than our competitors.
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.
A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.
A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
A diplomat's life consists of three things: protocol, Geritol, and alcohol.
A diplomatic husband said to his wife, How do you expect me to remember your birthday when you never look any older?
A dirty mind is a joy forever.
A disappointed George took his dog and went home.
A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating his morning meal.
A discussion of non-orthogonal, non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.
A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.
A disgrace you can be proud of.
A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.
A diva who specializes in risque arias is an off-coloratura soprano.
A doctor calls his patient to give him the results of his tests.
A doctor was stranded with a lawyer in a leaky life raft in shark-infested waters.
A doctor, an architect, and a computer scientist were arguing about whose profession was the oldest.
A dollar for your death.
A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him what he meant.
A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
A dues-paying club workers wield to strike management.
A dwarf is passing out somewhere in Detroit!
A fail-safe circuit will destroy others.
A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.
A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.
A famous Lisp Hacker noticed an Undergraduate sitting in front of a Xerox 1108, trying to edit a complex Klone network via a browser.
A fanatic is a person who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the house of seven gobbles.
A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.
A farmer with extremely prolific hens posted the following sign.
A father doesn't destroy his children.
A father gave his teen-age daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for her birthday.
A federally insured chain letter.
A feed salesman is on his way to a farm.
A fellow bought a new car, a Nissan, and was quite happy with his purchase.
A female having the same mother and father as the speaker.
A few blocks later, the woman admired a full-length sable coat.
A few have been privileged to see Umcherrel, the soul of the forest, and they are known as spirit masters.
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
A few minutes later the physicist understands too and chuckles to himself happily as he now has enough experimental evidence to publish a paper.
A few minutes later they returned and announced their intention of robbing the bank, but none of the staff believed them.
A few seconds later the doors opened, two tumbleweeds blew in.
A few times we succeed.
A few weeks passed and the New Yorker saunters into a store dressed in a ten-gallon hat, cowboy boots, Levi jeans and a bandanna.
A fifth theory is held by idiots, but it is doubtful if they know any more about the matter than the others.
A figure with curves always offers a lot of interesting angles.
A file I intended to save?
A firefly is not a fly, but a beetle.
A flashy Mercedes-Benz roared up to the curb where a cute young miss stood waiting for a taxi.
A fluent French speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he was hearing a murder trial.
A fool and his honey are soon parted.
A fool and his money are soon popular.
A fool and your money are soon partners.
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
A fool takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry.
A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A forest was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew ratchet screwdrivers as fruit.
A form of government abroad.
A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.
A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
A fox is a wolf who sends flowers.
A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension.
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
A friend in need is a pest indeed.
A friend informs us that he saw at the Novato ranch, Marin county, a few days since, a hen actually brooding and otherwise caring for three kittens!
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture.
A friend of mine won't get a divorce, because he hates lawyers more than he hates his wife.
A full belly makes a dull brain.
A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!
A gallows was erected in front of the city gates.
A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet.
A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.
A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.
A general leading the State Department resembles a dragon commanding ducks.
A gentleman is a man who wouldn't hit a lady with his hat on.
A gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on.
A gentleman with whom he was hunting attempted to bring down a dove, but instead of doing so put the load of shot through the Colonel's hat.
A giant panda bear is really a member of the racoon family.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
A girl is the un-grown-up version.
A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown.
A girl with a future avoids the man with a past.
A girl's best friend is her mutter.
A gloom fell on the hackers; it seemed to be the end, But Puff trapped the exception, and grew from naught again!
A good USENET motto would be: a.
A good man always knows his limitations.
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and deaf husband.
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A good name lost is seldom regained.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A good question is never answered.
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
A good road map should help.
A good scapegoat is hard to find.
A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.
A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to you about yourself.
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart that looks at her watch.
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough to take it all away.
A grade school teacher was asking students what their parents did for a living.
A grammarian's life is always in tense.
A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest man a century.
A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy balloon of a head.
A group of politicians deciding to dump a President because his morals are bad is like the Mafia getting together to bump off the Godfather for not going to church on Sunday.
A guard explained, Yes, we were planning to look for them, but never got around to it.
A guilty conscience is the mother of invention.
A guinea pig is not from Guinea but a rodent from South America.
A guy came in and asked me, If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?
A guy has to get fresh once in a while so a girl doesn't lose her confidence.
A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer, carries it to the bathroom and dumps it into a urinal.
A guy who wraps up a two-minute idea in a two-hour vocabulary.
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
A halted retreat Is nerve-wracking and dangerous.
A hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet never.
A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.
A happy fly A man like me?
A hard-luck actor who appeared in one coloossal disaster after another finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.
A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own weight in other people's patience.
A healthy understanding of the way the universe works.
A help wanted add for a photo journalist asked the rhetorical question: If you found yourself in a situation where you could either save a drowning man, or you could take a Pulitzer prize winning photograph of him drowning, what shutter speed and setting would you use?
A herald announced, Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question which will be put to him.
A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.
A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods while the policeman searches you.
A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?
A hoodlum is a pretty lousy sort of scum.
A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three days old.
A housewife, an accountant and a lawyer were asked to add 2 and 2.
A howling hellcat humping a hot steel hog on a roaring rampage of revenge!
A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!
A hungrier dog hunts even better.
A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.
A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.
A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and B is for biff, which reads all your mail.
A journalist, thrilled over his dinner, asked the chef for the recipe.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
A journey of a thousand miles starts under one's feet.
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
A kid'll eat the middle of an Oreo, eventually.
A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
A king's castle is his home.
A kiss is a course of procedure, cunningly devised, for the mutual stoppage of speech at a moment when words are superfluous.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
A lake of molten brimstone means that its temperature must be at or below the boiling point, or 444.
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing.
A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program in than some that do.
A large number of installed systems work by fiat.
A large spider in an old house built a beautiful web in which to catch flies.
A lawyer named Strange was shopping for a tombstone.
A lawyer who looks like a French Nobleman is executed in his place.
A lawyer with a roving commission.
A lesson to be learned.
A lethargic world serves no cause well; a spirited world working diligently toward earnestly desired goals provides the means and the strength toward which many ends can be satisfied.
A lie in time saves nine.
A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of trouble.
A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.
A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
A little dog goes into a saloon in the Wild West, and beckons to the bartender.
A little experience often upsets a lot of theory.
A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
A little kid went up to Santa and asked him, Santa, you know when I'm bad right?
A little of both, Guv'nor.
A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects, those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.
A little suffering is good for the soul.
A little while later the two kings of the jungle emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: Well, that's the end of the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions.
A little word of doubtful number, A foe to rest and peaceful slumber.
A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.
A logging firm from out of town Came and chopped the trees all down.
A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.
A long memory is the most subversive idea in America.
A long time, he says, we're building a house.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
A loon is he that will not sing: O!
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I.
A lot of people are afraid of heights.
A lot of the stuff I do is so minimal, and it's designed to be minimal.
A lot of things I didn't know about.
A loud general cheer went up.
A low-cost substitute for wallpaper.
A machine which you go into as a pig and come out as a sausage.
A man always needs to remember one thing about a beautiful woman.
A man always remembers his first love with special tenderness, but after that begins to bunch them.
A man arrived home early to find his wife in the arms of his best friend, who swore how much they were in love.
A man can be happy with any woman so long as he doesn't love her.
A man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds.
A man can have two, maybe three love affairs while he's married.
A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself.
A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.
A man for all seasons.
A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master, Knuth.
A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles in the road.
A man got out of the car and went in the house and had dinner with your wife.
A man has a little more trouble letting go.
A man in love is incomplete until he is married.
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
A man is crawling through the Sahara desert when he is approached by another man riding on a camel.
A man is known by the company he organizes.
A man is like a rusty wheel on a rusty cart, He sings his song as he rattles along and then he falls apart.
A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
A man may sometimes be forgiven the kiss to which he is not entitled, but never the kiss he has not the initiative to claim.
A man of genius makes no mistakes.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he was making a bolt for the door.
A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, I have a terrible problem, Doctor.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned to the waiter and said, We'll have two of whatever she was drinking.
A man took his wife deer hunting for the first time.
A man turns into a bug and his family gets annoyed.
A man usually falls in love with a woman who asks the kinds of questions he is able to answer.
A man waits 'til the only items left in his fridge are half a lime and a Blue Ribbon.
A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender, Do you serve lawyers here?
A man was griping to his friend about how he hated to go home after a late card games.
A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his wife asked What have you got there?
A man was talking to his best friend about his married life.
A man who can afford to raise cain.
A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn in no other way.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who goes through life without a hitch.
A man who has a better memory than a debtor.
A man who invites the wolf in and appears the next day in a fur coat.
A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.
A man who knows a job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient he is.
A man who knows all the ankles.
A man who mounts animals.
A man who never buys.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A man will let new shirts sit on the shelf in their original packaging for a couple of years before putting them to use, hoping they'll become more comfortable with age.
A man will meet another man with common interests, do a few things together, and say nothing.
A man will start by grabbing the cherry in the center.
A man will wear every article of clothing he owns, including his surgical pants that were hip about eight years ago, before he will do his laundry.
A man with 3 wings and a dictionary is cousin to the turkey.
A man with one watch knows what time it is.
A man with two watches is never quite sure.
A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.
A man would not be able to identify most of these items.
A man would still do something out of sheer perversity - he would create destruction and chaos - just to gain his point.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.
A man's best friend is his dogma.
A man's gotta know his limitations.
A man's house is his hassle.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama.
A manager asked a programmer how long it would take him to finish the program on which he was working.
A manager was about to be fired, but a programmer who worked for him invented a new program that became popular and sold well.
A manager went to his programmers and told them: As regards to your work hours: you are going to have to come in at nine in the morning and leave at five in the afternoon.
A manager went to the master programmer and showed him the requirements document for a new application.
A manly man, to be a wizard able; Many a protected file he had sitting on his table.
A mass of conflicting impulses.
A master programmer passed a novice programmer one day.
A master was asked the question, What is the Way?
A master was explaining the nature of Tao to one of his novices.
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
A member of the unconsidered, or negligible sex.
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
A method for transforming energy into solid waste.
A method is given to construct the desired proof.
A method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them.
A method of solution is perfect if we can forsee from the start, and even prove, that following that method we shall attain our aim.
A mighty creature is the germ, Though smaller than the pachyderm.
A miller received from a wizard a wonderful machine that just ground salt out of itself all day long.
A mind is a terrible thing to have leaking out your ears.
A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.
A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays.
A mistake carried out to perfection.
A modem is a baudy house.
A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery, is the most tremendous object in the whole creation.
A month later, returning, the mad scientist went to the engineer's cell and found it long empty.
A more convincing form of proof by example.
A more sententious, holding- forth old bore who expected every hero-worshiping adenoidal little twerp of a student-poet to hang on to his every word I never saw.
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable.
A most individual judge of poetry, he once invited Alexander Pope round to give a public reading of his latest poem.
A mother mouse was taking her large brood for a stroll across the kitchen floor one day when the local cat, by a feat of stealth unusual even for its species, managed to trap them in a corner.
A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
A mother's opinions about her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth.
A motion to adjourn is always in order.
A mountain with hiccups.
A mouse built to government specifications.
A mouse is an elephant built by the Japanese.
A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the remotest clue what was happening.
A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.
A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a new theatrical season.
A musician of more ambition than talent composed an elegy at the death of composer Edward MacDowell.
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
A nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you.
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
A neighbor came to Nasrudin, asking to borrow his donkey.
A new 'chutist had just jumped from the plane at 10,000 feet, and soon discovered that all his lines were hopelessly tangled.
A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job.
A new concept in abuser interfaces.
A new level of software disintegration.
A new road or a secret gate, Let them pass!
A new supply of round tuits has arrived and are available from Mary.
A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure.
A nice place to visit, but you can't stay here for long.
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
A noise with dirt on it.
A notice on the side reminds you to drag your empties to the trashcan.
A noun that's sound would never clown, but unsound nouns jump up and down.
A novice asked the Master: Here is a programmer that never designs, documents, or tests his programs.
A novice asked the master: I have a program that sometimes runs and sometimes aborts.
A novice asked the master: I perceive that one computer company is much larger than all others.
A novice asked the master: In the east there is a great tree-structure that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'.
A novice of the temple once approached the Chief Priest with a question.
A novice programmer was once assigned to code a simple financial package.
A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured programs.
A novice was trying to fix a broken lisp machine by turning the power off and on.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
A number of different approaches.
A pain in the ass of major dimensions.
A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
A particular memory in physical form.
A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
A pedestal is as much a prison as any small, confined space.
A pen or pencil or typewriter.
A pencil with no point needs no eraser.
A penny for your thoughts?
A penny saved has not been spent.
A penny saved is a penny taxed.
A penny saved is a penny to squander.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A penny saved kills your career in government.
A people living under the perpetual menace of war and invasion is very easy to govern.
A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.
A person is just about as big as the things that make them angry.
A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
A person who cuts red tape sideways.
A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something.
A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.
A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.
A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
A pessimist asked God for relief.
A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
A pessimist is a married optimist.
A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a prescription which he thinks will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
A pickup with three guys in it pulls into the lumber yard.
A pig is a pal, who'll boost your morale, Though mountains may topple and tilt.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.
A place for everything and everything in its place.
A place people meet to have a few drinks.
A place where minutes are kept and hours are lost.
A place where they dispense with justice.
A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
A plethora of individuals with expertise in culinary techniques contaminate the potable concoction produced by steeping certain edible nutriments.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
A plumbing system is very much like your electrical system, except that instead of electricity, it has water, and instead of wires, it has pipes, and instead of radios and waffle irons, it has faucets and toilets.
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
A point around which something revolves; axis.
A point here, a point there, and a lot of bull inbetween.
A political man can have as his aim the realization of freedom, but he has no means to realize it other than through violence.
A politician who has tenure.
A popular story circulating during his presidency concerned the night he was roused by his wife crying, Wake up!
A possum must be himself, and being himself he is honest.
A potting shed's for potting; But no one's found A bounder bound Or caught an otter otting.
A pound of salt will not sweeten a single cup of tea.
A power so great, it can only be used for Good or Evil!
A practical joker deserves applause for his wit according to its quality.
A prediction is worth twenty explanations.
A preposition is something you never end a sentence with.
A pretty foot is one of the greatest gifts of nature.
A pretty woman can do anything; an ugly woman must do everything.
A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil.
A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?
A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him.
A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A program should be light and agile, its subroutines connected like a strings of pearls.
A program should follow the 'Law of Least Astonishment'.
A program with GOTOs, it has no end!
A program, no matter how complex, should act as a single unit.
A programmer from a very large computer company went to a software conference and then returned to report to his manager, saying: What sort of programmers work for other companies?
A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents.
A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.
A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.
A programming language.
A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed.
A promotion you receive on the condition that you leave town.
A proponent of the belief that black is white.
A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions your wife asks you for nothing.
A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which was intended for her preservation.
A pushy romeo asked a gorgeous elevator operator, Don't all these stops and starts get you pretty worn out?
A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as you could blow it in may be blown in.
A question of interest, my dear Sir!
A raccoon tangled with a 23,000 volt line today.
A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.
A ranger was walking through the forest and encountered a hunter carrying a shotgun and a dead loon.
A rather plaintive Is it up?
A reader reports that the Army calls them vertically deployed anti- personnel devices.
A reader reports that when the patient died, the attending doctor recorded the following on the patient's chart: Patient failed to fulfill his wellness potential.
A real diplomat is one who can cut his neighbor's throat without having his neighbour notice it.
A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.
A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away.
A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything.
A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer scientists.
A religion of intellectual death.
A religion of slaves.
A reverend wanted to telephone another reverend.
A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
A robin redbreast in a cage Puts all Heaven in a rage.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
A rock store eventually closed down; they were taking too much for granite.
A rolling disk gathers no MOS.
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A rope lying over the top of a fence is the same length on each side.
A rose is a rose is a rose.
A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat man doing a belly-flop.
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
A salamander scurries into flame to be destroyed.
A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.
A score in the fifth percentile or below will result in the withdrawal of your Temporary Disk space.
A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from the vexation of thinking.
A sense of desolation and uncertainty, of futility, of the baselessness of aspirations, of the vanity of endeavor, and a thirst for a life giving water which seems suddenly to have failed, are the signs in conciousness of this necessary reorganization of our lives.
A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are worth committing.
A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's superiority.
A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself.
A serious believer in the White House?
A serious public debate about the validity of astrology?
A sharper perspective on this matter is particularly important to feminist thought today, because a major tendency in feminism has constructed the problem of domination as a drama of female vulnerability victimized by male aggression.
A sheet of paper crossed my desk the other day and as I read it, realization of a basic truth came over me.
A sheet of paper is an ink-lined plane.
A short period of doting between dating and debting.
A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to Madonna, a young puppy.
A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
A sinking ship gathers no moss.
A sittin' out there on the rocks.
A sleek brown head, a seal's, far out on the water, round.
A slow pup is a lazy dog.
A slow-moving parody of a text editor.
A small town that cannot support one lawyer can always support two.
A smile crossed his face as a seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others.
A snake lurks in the grass.
A social scientist, studying the culture and traditions of a small North African tribe, found a woman still practicing the ancient art of matchmaking.
A sociologist, a psychologist, and a engineer were discussing the consequences and implications of a married man's having a mistress.
A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
A soft drink turneth away company.
A soft malleable metal relatively scarce in distribution.
A software disaster of Biblical proportions.
A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
A solution in search of a problem!
A song in time is worth a dime.
A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.
A spherical display in the middle of the floor illuminated to show the starfield surrounding the ship.
A spoken or written reply, as to a question.
A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.
A stadium or inclosed playing field.
A star captain's most solemn oath is that he will give his life, even his entire crew, rather than violate the Prime Directive.
A state in the northeast United States.
A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.
A statesman is a politician who's been dead 10 or 15 years.
A statistician, who refused to fly after reading of the alarmingly high probability that there will be a bomb on any given plane, realized that the probability of there being two bombs on any given flight is very low.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A strange enigma is man!
A strange smell in the fuel lines.
A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows.
A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures.
A student asked the master for help.
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
A student, in hopes of understanding the Lambda-nature, came to Greenblatt.
A substance that, injected into a rat, produces a scientific paper.
A surprising property of a program.
A swift-flowing steam does not grow stagnant.
A synagogue that closes for the Jewish holidays.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents: You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance; And when not being utilitized to aid in locomotion, It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
A tautology is a thing which is tautological.
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
A theory is better than its explanation.
A thick seafood soup, often in a milk base.
A thief is anybody who gets out and works for his living, like robbing a bank or breaking into a place and stealing stuff, or kidnapping somebody.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
A thing that begins at home and usually stays there.
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
A town where they still know how to get your shirts back by Thursday.
A tract of ground adjacent to a building.
A trade by which one gains and the other loses is a fraud.
A transistor protected by a fast-acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.
A traveling salesman was driving past a farm when he saw a pig with three wooden legs executing a magnificent series of backflips and cartwheels.
A trial where the jury gets together and forms a lynching party.
A triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene triangle.
A true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art.
A true inspiration to others.
A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
A truth that's told with bad intent Beats all the lies you can invent.
A typical man thinks he's Mario Andretti as soon as he slips behind the wheel of his car.
A unit of documentation.
A unit of measure applied to color.
A universe in which the standard dress is shirt and tie and in which a person's working hours are defined as 9 to 5.
A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
A used car salesman knows when he's lying.
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's printed on.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
A violent man will die a violent death.
A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
A watched clock never boils.
A week later his friend drops by to ask the genius if he's had any success.
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
A well-known friend is a treasure.
A well-trained sonnet lives to entertain, by making love directly to the brain.
A well-used door needs no oil on its hinges.
A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program is its own hell.
A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
A wide necktie is a sign of disease.
A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs.
A wise man can see more from a mountain top than a fool can from the bottom of a well.
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.
A wise person makes his own decisions, a weak one obeys public opinion.
A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets people's attention.
A witty saying proves nothing.
A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit, let alone discuss with prospective clients.
A woman can never be too rich or too thin.
A woman did what a woman had to, the best way she knew how.
A woman forgives the audacity of which her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one.
A woman is any grown-up female person.
A woman is like your shadow; follow her, she flies; fly from her, she follows.
A woman knows all about her children.
A woman makes a list of things she needs and then goes to the store and buys these things.
A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.
A woman physician has made the statement that smoking is neither physically defective nor morally degrading, and that nicotine, even when indulged to in excess, is less harmful than excessive petting.
A woman should have compassion.
A woman shouldn't have to buy her own perfume.
A woman was in love with fourteen soldiers.
A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.
A woman will generally admire an ornate dessert for the artistic work it is, praising its creator and waiting a suitable interval before she reluctantly takes a small sliver off one edge.
A woman will meet another woman with common interests, do a few things together, and say something like, I hope we can be good friends.
A woman will slow down to let a car merge in front of her, and get rear-ended by another woman who was busy adding the finishing touches to her makeup.
A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
A woman's place is in the house.
A woman, especially if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
A word that strikes no pleasure?
A word to the wise is enough.
A word to the wise is often enough to start an argument.
A word to the wise: a credentials dicksize war is usually a bad idea on the net.
A world lacking gravy is a tragic place!
A would-be disciple came to Nasrudin's hut on the mountain-side.
A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call what he writes fiction.
A writer must not shift your point of view.
A yawn is a silent shout.
A year later, everything went wrong at once and the manager was blamed for all of it.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
A young girl hides in an attic but is discovered.
A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new bonnet.
A young girl, Carmen Cohen, was called by her last name by her father, and her first name by her mother.
A young honeymoon couple were touring southern Florida and happened to stop at one of the rattlesnake farms along the road.
A young husband with an inferiority complex insisted he was just a little pebble on the beach.
A young man and his girlfriend were walking along Main Street when she spotted a beautiful diamond ring in a jewelry-store window.
A young man enters the New York branch of Tiffany's on a Friday evening and walks up to a display case full of pearl necklaces.
A young man wrote to Mozart and said: Herr Mozart, I am thinking of writing symphonies.
A young man, not yet; an elder man, not at all.
A young married couple had their first child.
A-1 steak sauce, ice, salt, pepper, celery.
APL hackers do it in the quad.
APL is a high level anguish.
APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection.
APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming;.
APL is a write-only language.
ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.
ASCII is our god, and Unix is his profit.
ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!
Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.
Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left.
Abou spoke more low, But cheerly still; and said, I pray thee then, Write me as one that loves his fellow-men.
About a month before.
About a silver lining For we know from experience that they won't roll by.
About a week later his friend wakes up in the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the room.
About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.
About the guns, then?
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
About the only thing we have left that actually discriminates in favor of the plain people is the stork.
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt ax.
About them sentence fragments.
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Above all, relax and have a nice day.
Above this point it would be a vapor, not a lake.
Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.
Abraham, and not one syllable is thine!
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes, A root or two, a torus and a node: The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
Absence in love is like water upon fire; a little quickens, but much extinguishes it.
Absence is to love what wind is to fire.
Absence makes the heart forget.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Absence makes the heart grow frantic.
Absinthe makes the tart grow fonder.
Absolute power is kind of neat.
Absolute: Independent, irresponsible.
Absolutely no ifs, ands, or butts.
Absolutely nothing should be concluded from these figures except that no conclusion can be drawn from them.
Absorb ego shattering impulse rays, polyester poltroon!
Abstainer: A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
Abstract: This study examined the incidence of neckwear tightness among a group of 94 white-collar working men and the effect of a tight business-shirt collar and tie on the visual performance of 22 male subjects.
Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics, because the stakes are so low.
Academicians care, that's who.
Academics because he was concerned about his players' mental abilities.
Academy: A modern school where football is taught.
Accent on helpful side of your nature.
Accept any substitute.
Accidents cause History.
Accidents make people.
According to Arkansas law, Section 4761, Pope's Digest: No person shall be permitted under any pretext whatever, to come nearer than fifty feet of any door or window of any polling room, from the opening of the polls until the completion of the count and the certification of the returns.
According to Connellan, the highly productive Japanese society has 10 lawyers and 30 accountants per 100,000 population.
According to Fletcher, he had expected to be co-authored with Millikan on the crucial first article announcing the measurement of the electronic charge, but was talked out of this by Millikan.
According to Kentucky state law, every person must take a bath at least once a year.
According to a recent and unscientific national survey, smiling is something everyone should do at least 6 times a day.
According to all the latest reports, there was no truth in any of the earlier reports.
According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold, and according to convention, there is an order.
According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
According to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing severe marketing anxiety in China.
According to the FAA, the propeller blade didn't break off, it was just a case of uncontained blade liberation.
According to the Rand McNally Places-Rated Almanac, the best place to live in America is the city of Pittsburgh.
According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never dies.
According to the tax bill signed by President Reagan on December 22, 1987, Don Tyson and his sister-in-law Barbara run a family farm.
Accordingly, we have developed a new approach to artificial intelligence which we call wisdom engineering.
Account for the lack of references to brown rice in Dylan's lyrics.
Accounting file for everyone.
Acids stain you, And drugs cause cramp.
Acronym for Mechanized Applications in Forced Insurance Accounting.
Act as if nothing has happened!
Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
Acting is not very hard.
Actor: So what do you do for a living?
Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.
Actresses will happen in the best regulated families.
Actual war is a very messy business.
Actually, I think my fear of yams began in my early youth, when many of my young comrades pelted me with same for singing songs of far-off lands and deep blue seas in a language closely resembling that of the common sow.
Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.
Actually, no programmers write in BASIC after reaching puberty.
Actually, of course, this is a working assumption only.
Actually, stealing IS easier.
Actually, typing random strings in the Finder does the equivalent of filename completion.
Actually, what I'd like is a little toy spaceship!
Ada is the work of an architect, not a computer scientist.
Adam and Eve had many advantages, but the principal one was, that they escaped teething.
Add 1 seaspoon of tugar and beat again.
Add 2 orge laggs, 2 cups of fried druit and beat untill high.
Add a picture of his factory.
Add bablespoon of brown gugar, or whatever color you have.
Add lemon juice and rind.
Add little to little and there will be a big pile.
Adde parvum parvo manus acervus erit.
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.
Addition makes an alcohol, Of types there are but three.
Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.
Adhere to your own act, and congratulate yourself if you have done something strange and extravagant, and broken the monotony of a decorous age.
Administration: An ingenious abstraction in politics, designed to receive the kicks and cuffs due to the premier or president.
Admission is free, pay at the door, Pull up a chair, and sit on the floor.
Admission is free, please pay at the door.
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
Advertises that its cans won't explode when you open them, even if you shake them up.
Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
Advertising wondrous things.
Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.
Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.
Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic, then at least be aseptic.
Aerobic exercises stimulate and speed up the heart.
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.
Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew, and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days.
Aforesaid installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being non-negotiable.
Africa is primerally inhabited by Elks, Moose and Knights of Pithiests.
After 13 minutes' flight a booster engine would give acceleration up to 25,820 mph; after 44 minutes 9,800 solar cells would unfold; after 80 days a computer would calculate the final course corrections and after 100 days the craft would cirlce the unknown planet, scanning the mysterious cloud in Lost and forgotten be, darker than the darkness, Where gates stand for ever shut, till the world is mended.
After 35 years, I have finished a comprehensive study of European comparative law.
After Goliath's defeat, giants ceased to command respect.
After I asked him what he meant, he replied that freedom consisted of the unimpeded right to get rich, to use his ability, no matter what the cost to others, to win advancement.
After I had been doing this a while, I began including their net addresses as well.
After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed.
After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out.
After a few minutes, she says, I could put the computer on a very fast machine and the computer would have just a few minutes to calculate but that is the exact opposite of what we want.
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.
After a terrible series against the New York Giants, in which our center fielder made three throwing errors and let two balls get through his legs, manager Billy Meyer pleaded, Can somebody think of something to help us win a game?
After a time they judge them.
After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting.
After a very pleasurable three-day stay, the man approached the front desk and told the clerk he was checking out.
After a while you'd run out of air to push against.
After about a half mile the fella stopped and stooped over with his hands on his thighs, whooping and heaving to catch his breath as the Game Warden finally caught up to him.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
After all my erstwhile dear, My no longer cherished, Need we say it was not love, Just because it perished?
After all, I'm older than most western countries.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
After all, any man who can hitch the length and breadth of the Galaxy, struggle against terrible odds, win through and still know where his towel is, is clearly a man to be reckoned with.
After all, everyone knows a bargain dog never bites!
After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
After all, the net exists to give you an audience.
After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?
After an hour's wait he was just a few feet from the booth when a voice called out, Hey, Dave!
After an instrument has been assembled, extra components will be found on the bench.
After any salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the month than you did before.
After being reported missing a day or two later, rangers found two bears, one a male, one a female, looking suspiciously overstuffed.
After considerable thought, he settled on an naming the car either Belchazar or Beaumadine, but remained in a quandry about the final choice.
After dinner they went upstairs and I saw your wife kissing him.
After everyone has gone to sleep two lone cavalry officers stand watch over the camp.
After forty hours in the air, George turned to Harry, and said, Harry, I think we've drifted off course!
After he had made his selection, the stonecutter asked him what inscription he would like on it.
After he'd given her some basic instructions, they agreed to separate and rendezvous later.
After his Ignoble Disgrace, Satan was being expelled from Heaven.
After living in New York, you trust nobody, but you believe everything.
After months of training, the father drop commented to the mother drop, We've taught our boy everything we know, he's fit to be tide.
After more than 70 years of study, there still does not exist one example of an ESP phenomenon that is replicable under controlled conditions.
After much trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot tub to face is up.
After seeing the sights, they engaged in small talk with the man that handled the snakes.
After several hours of quiet, they hear war drums starting from a nearby Indian village they had passed during the day.
After some observations and rough calculations the engineer realizes the situation and starts laughing.
After some serious detective work, the lads in blue found a suspect, and after questioning, released him to be charged on summons.
After that, any considerable decrease in the daily oxygen doses results in death with symptoms resembling those of cyanide poisoning.
After the Children of Israel had wandered for thirty-nine years in the wilderness, Ferdinand Feghoot arrived to make sure that they would finally find and enter the Promised Land.
After the battle, the reward.
After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful it was to get it together again, presumably referring to having her now dead body join her long dead brain.
After the first four years the dirt doesn't get any worse.
After the game the king and the pawn go in the same box.
After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.
After the little penguin is hatched, the mother sees fit to come home.
After the reading, a good friend of Lord Halifax, a certain Dr.
After the second week the mathematician appears at his friend's house, looking quite a bit rumpled, and announces, I think I've got it!
After the year 2015, there will be no airplane crashes.
After this was written there appeared a remarkable posthumous memoir that throws some doubt on Millikan's leading role in these experiments.
After this, everything else is peaches and cream.
After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless.
After three years I no longer saw this mass.
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes.
After two or three weeks of this madness, you begin to feel As One with the man who said, No news is good news.
After typing cp on his DOS machine at home, he downloaded GNU's unix tools ported to DOS and installed them.
After watching an extremely attractive maternity-ward patient earnestly thumbing her way through a telephone directory for several minutes, a hospital orderly finally asked if he could be of some help.
After watching my newly-retired dad spend two weeks learning how to make a new folder, it became obvious that intuitive mostly means what the writer or speaker of intuitive likes.
After what you all have done, I find being 'inhuman' a compliment.
After working late, a valiant warrior gets lost on his way home.
After working with it.
After years of interacting with this other man, sharing hopes and fears that he wouldn't confide in his priest or psychiatrist, he'll finally let down his guard in a fit of drunken sentimentality and say something like, You know, for someone who's such a jerk, I guess you're OK.
After years of research, scientists recently reported that there is, indeed, arroz in Spanish Harlem.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Afternoon very favorable for romance.
Against his wishes, a math teacher's classroom was remodeled.
Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
Age is a tyrant who forbids, at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.
Agree with them now, it will save so much time.
Ah no, it's always just my luck to get One perfect rose.
Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.
Ah, Hakuin replied, pointing excitedly, And Thou art Fat!
Ah, another Noel Coward!
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should Drums beating cold English blood runs hot Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop House boy knows that he's doing alright You should a heard him just around midnight.
Ah, but a man's grasp should exceed his reach, Or what's a heaven for ?
Ah, but the choice of dreams to live, there's the rub.
Ah, look at all the lonely users.
Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me, How good, how good does it feel to be free?
Ah, said the student, you have not heard.
Ah, sweet Springtime, when a young man lightly turns his fancy over!
Ah, the Tsar's bazaar's bizarre beaux-arts!
Ah, the monk sighed, a beatific smile wrinkling across his cheeks, Thou art That.
Ah, you know the type.
Ah, you wish me to restore your hope and cheerfulness, said God.
Aha, the BUGS section at last.
Ahead warp factor one, Mr.
Ain't got no distractions, Unlimited space on disk.
Ain't no free lunches.
Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
Ain't nothin' an old man can do for me but bring me a message from a young man.
Ain't that something what happened today.
Air is water with holes in it.
Air pollution is really making us pay through the nose.
Airline personnel walk around, apologising profusely to customers in hushed voices, pointing from time to time to the sleek, powerful jets outside the terminal on the field.
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
Al didn't smile for forty years.
Alan Turing thought about criteria to settle the question of whether machines can think, a question of which we now know that it is about as relevant as the question of whether submarines can swim.
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
Alas, if this fails, and the voodoo boxen aren't destroyed, there may be more than worms in the apple.
Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself or not.
Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio, replied: You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.
Alcohol has an unusual effect on excess JELL-O.
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions.
Alcoholics Anonymous is when you get to drink under someone else's name.
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall, Aleph-null bottles of beer, You take one down, and pass it around, Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.
Alert, like a general on the battlefield.
Alex Haley was adopted!
Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well in New York, and still waiting for a dial tone.
Alexander Hamilton started the U.
Alexander Pope called him wretched Wither and Dryden said of his verse that if they rhymed and rattled all was well.
Alexander the Great was a great general.
Alfas, Fiats, and Lancias full of excited Italians.
Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most important programming language yet developed.
Alice corrected herself.
Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion.
Alice said, trying to feel interested.
Alice, who was by this time completely bewildered.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them continues to pay for it.
Alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse.
Alimony is the curse of the writing classes.
Alimony is the high cost of leaving.
Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.
Alive without breath, As cold as death; Never thirsty, ever drinking, All in mail ever clinking.
All Bibles are man-made.
All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
All Finagle Laws may be bypassed by learning the simple art of doing without thinking.
All God's children are not beautiful.
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard, ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
All I need to have a good time, Is a reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.
All I want is a little more than I'll ever get.
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
All I want is more than my fair share.
All I want is to never grow old, I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.
All I'm after is just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
All I've got left on the list of desirable vocations is heiress to the throne of any country in Western Europe and Laurie Anderson.
All a friend can say is Ain't it a shame?
All a man needs out of life is a place to sit 'n' spit in the fire.
All are doing fine except a pair of snakes.
All art is but imitation of nature.
All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
All aspirin is alike.
All at once she saw an extremely ugly bull frog seated on a log and to her amazement the frog spoke to her.
All bad precedents began as justifiable measures.
All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely than others.
All constants are variables.
All conversations with a potato should be conducted in private.
All depends, the native drawled.
All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means.
All fortunes will be acknowledged.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
All green and wrinkled.
All he has to do is get up every morning and say, How's the President?
All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
All he knows is that Lincoln speech anyway.
All heiresses are beautiful.
All his life he has looked away.
All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
All husbands are alike, but they have different faces so you can tell them apart.
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
All intelligent species own cats.
All is fear in love and war.
All is sound and imagery and Appledom.
All is well that ends well.
All it costs is my soul!
All kings is mostly rapscallions.
All language designers are arrogant.
All laws are basically false.
All laws are simulations of reality.
All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
All men have the right to wait in line.
All men know the utility of useful things; but they do not know the utility of futility.
All men profess honesty as long as they can.
All mimsy were the borogroves And the mome raths outgrabe.
All models over 18 years of age.
All most men really want in life is a wife, a house, two kids and a car, a cat, no maybe a dog.
All most people want is a little more than they'll ever get.
All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.
All my friends and I are crazy.
All my friends are getting married, Yes, they're all growing old, They're all staying home on the weekend, They're all doing what they're told.
All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific.
All my life I've been wondering what I am, said the rabbit, Do you think you could help me find out?
All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.
All of a sudden, here he comes.
All of life is a blur of Republicans and meat!
All of the animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
All of the people in my building are insane.
All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
All of us should treasure his Oriental wisdom and his preaching of a Zen-like detachment, as exemplified by his constant reminder to clerks, tellers, or others who grew excited by his presence in their banks: Just lie down on the floor and keep calm.
All of which proves the old theorem that: The sons of the squaw of the hippopotamus are equal to the sons of the squaws of the other two hides.
All one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
All other loyalties are merely deputies of that one.
All other things being equal, a bald man cannot be elected President of the United States.
All others please ignore.
All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume.
All parameters are hard-coded.
All parts should go together without forcing.
All passengers believe they got there.
All patties would be heated up and then cooled back down in electronic devices immediately before serving.
All phone calls are obscene.
All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
All power corrupts, but we need electricity.
All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
All proffered samples of learning must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to common tests.
All programmers are optimists.
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire of every organism to live beyond its income.
All right, you degenerates!
All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
All seems condemned in the long run to approximate a state akin to Gaussian noise.
All snakes who wish to remain in Ireland will please raise their right hands.
All software is supplied as is, without guarantee.
All strong interests easily become impersonal, the love of a good job well done.
All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.
All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost; The old that is strong does not wither, Deep roots are not reached by the frost.
All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can, too, provided you use them for business purposes.
All the cans look identical.
All the computers were linked together.
All the easy problems have been solved.
All the evidence concerning the universe has not yet been collected, so there's still hope.
All the good ones are taken.
All the king's horses, And all the king's men, Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!
All the lonely users, where do they all come from?
All the lonely users, why does it take so long?
All the men on my staff can type.
All the other prehistoric people were out puncturing each other with spears, and the wise men were back in the cave saying: How about: Would you please take my wife?
All the paintings were hung on refrigerators.
All the passengers scramble aboard, as do the 200 technicians needed to keep it from crashing.
All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most ridiculous ones.
All the people are so happy now, their heads are caving in.
All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.
All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.
All the rest are myths.
All the schedules, the brochures, The bright-colored posters full of lies, Promise rides to a distant country That no longer exists.
All the simple programs have been written.
All the student hackers loved that fractal Puff But DCS did not like Puff, and finally said, Enough!
All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by the government in less than a second.
All the terrible temper tantrums, crying, and threats are eliminated.
All the trees are red.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All the villagers but the stupidest ran off to spread the wonderful news.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
All theoretical chemistry is really physics; and all theoretical chemists know it.
All these kernels together hardly make up one byte, and she popped them out the window.
All these places had their moments With lovers and friends I still recall.
All things are either sacred or profane.
All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.
All things being equal, you are bound to lose.
All things considered, life is 9 to 5 against.
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important, became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships not evident to ordinary vision.
All this wheeling and dealing around, why, it isn't for money, it's for fun.
All those flies are trapped.
All those who think Mia Farrow should go back to making movies where the devil gets her pregnant and Woody Allen should go back to dressing up as a human sperm, please raise your hands.
All trails have more uphill sections than they have downhill sections.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
All warranty and guarantee clauses become null and void upon payment of invoice.
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers.
All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information.
All were courtmartialed and shot, except Hidalgo, because he was a priest.
All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks the National League for five years.
All work and no pay makes a housewife.
All you do is sit at a typewriter and open a vein.
All you have to do is take a close look at yourself and you will understand everyone else.
All you need do is leave them just as they are, call on Lord Halifax two or three months hence, thank him for his kind observation on those passages, and then read them to him as altered.
All you need is gold.
All you need is the Famous Programmers' Course and enough money to keep those lessons coming month after month.
All your people must learn before you can reach for the stars.
All's well that ends.
Alliance: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third.
Allocate an array and free the middle third?
Allow four liters of Fallian marsh gas to bubble through it.
Allow me to sell you a couple?
Allows you to drink Windows 3.
Almost anything derogatory you could say about today's software design would be accurate.
Almost as good as the competition.
Almost before the student had finished his question, Greenblatt shouted, FOO!
Almost everyone aboard was lost, except for the magician and the parrot.
Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
Alone, only a harmless pet.
Already an industry non-classic, the new version sports such overwhelming features as an overview of a Linux system, a completely new climbing session in a tree, and a list of acknowledgements in the introduction.
Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that every subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be submitted to a certain publicity and impartiality.
Alright, agreed the husband.
Also attributed to David Merrick.
Also attributed to Johnny Carson.
Also attributed to S.
Also contributing to the powerful defense is junior tackle Angus MacWhirter, a Scotsman who rounds out the offensive ethnic joke.
Also in the case are four fully loaded, 32-round clips of 125-grain 9mm ammunition.
Also my good Sackville Bagginses that I welcome back at last to Bag End.
Also put please ignore on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips a message with a line like that.
Also refers to electronic black boxes.
Also, avoid awkward or affected alliteration.
Also, if you examine a woman's skin very closely, inch by inch, starting at her shapely ankles, then gently tracing the slender curve of her calves, then moving up to her.
Also, the Scots are said to have invented golf.
Also, there are some things even a rat won't do.
Although Enesco feared the consequences, he arranged a recital at the Salle Gaveau in Paris.
Although I don't know WHY!
Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
Although it is still a truism in industry that no one was ever fired for buying IBM, Bill O'Neil, the chief technology officer at Drexel Burnham Lambert, says he knows for a fact that someone has been fired for just that reason.
Although many compilers allow you to take a coffee break while they compile, SLOBOL compilers allow you to travel to Bolivia to pick the coffee.
Although the algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot claim that the algorithm is a natural one.
Although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away.
Although we modern persons tend to take our electric lights, radios, mixers, etc.
Always a champion of monogamy, she is cooking up some fancy new diseases.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always do what you're best at, that's what I say.
Always draw your curves, then plot your reading.
Always draw your curves, then plot your readings.
Always gets his stuff to work!
Always has full SYS-PRIV's, Sure sends a mean packet.
Always hopeful, yet discontent, He knows changes aren't permanent - But change is.
Always it is the brave ones who die, the soldiers.
Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.
Always look over your shoulder because everyone is watching and plotting against you.
Always make sure followups go to all the groups.
Always pick on the correct idiom.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique, just like everyone else.
Always remember that you are unique.
Always someone loving something more than that thing loves them.
Always store beer in a dark place.
Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
Always there remain portions of our heart into which no one is able to enter, invite them as we may.
Always think of something new; this helps you forget your last rotten idea.
Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing that way.
Always try to exhort others to look upon you favorably.
Am I doing it correctly?
Am quite myself again.
Amazing Electronic Fact: If you scuffed your feet long enough without touching anything, you would build up so many electrons that your finger would explode!
Ambiguity: Telling the truth when you don't mean to.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
America has a very strong candidate in La Dur, a fearsome looking schnauzer hound, who was retired from the Orlando police force in Florida in 1978.
America has been discovered before, but it has always been hushed up.
America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort.
America is the country where you buy a lifetime supply of aspirin for one dollar, and use it up in two weeks.
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization.
America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until people got tired of living in a place called Vespuccia and changed its name to America.
America works less, when you say Union Yes!
America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.
America, how can I write a holy litany in your silly mood?
America: born free and taxed to death.
American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective employees be honest and hardworking.
American by birth; Texan by the grace of God.
American culture is based on the automobile, and any young man of promise is going to own one and want to travel great distances in it.
Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.
Americans' greatest fear is that America will turn out to have been a phenomenon, not a civilization.
Amie shyly stood up, scuffed her feet and said, My father is a mailman.
AmigaDOS Beer: The company has gone out of business, but their recipe has been picked up by some weird German company, so now this beer will be an import.
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
Among other details of his mistress which he chose to immortalize was her prudent choice of footwear.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
An Academic speculated whether a bather is beautiful if there is none in the forest to admire her.
An Ada exception is when a routine gets in trouble and says 'Beam me up, Scotty'.
An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.
An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize the president but is always polite to traffic cops.
An Animal that knows who it is, one that has a sense of his own identity, is a discontented creature, doomed to create new problems for himself for the duration of his stay on this planet.
An Apple's MOS memory don't use no core!
An Egyptian who was pressed for time.
An English judge, growing weary of the barrister's long-winded summation, leaned over the bench and remarked, I've heard your arguments, Sir Geoffrey, and I'm none the wiser!
An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose.
An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport.
An abrupt change of mind after being found out.
An absolute monarchy is one in which the sovereign does as he pleases so long as he pleases the assassins.
An abundance of these bad cells can cause symptoms related to senility, apathy, depression, and overall poor academic performance.
An access method whereby one computer abuses many people.
An accident that couldn't wait to happen.
An accrual of straws on the backs of theories.
An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
An affliction of the blood.
An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because people refuse to see it.
An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another.
An aide once asked him how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week.
An air of FRENCH FRIES permeates my nostrils!
An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same time.
An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician.
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
An alert IBMer finally noticed that the problem was in the terminal's keyboard: the tops of two keys were switched.
An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
An ambassador is an honest man sent abroad to lie and intrigue for the benefit of his country.
An amendment to a motion may be amended, but an amendment to an amendment to a motion may not be amended.
An ancient proverb summed it up: when a wizard is tired of looking for broken glass in his dinner, it ran, he is tired of life.
An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax.
An aphorism is never exactly true; it is either a half-truth or one-and-a-half truths.
An apolitical education is also political because it is purposely isolating.
An appalling amalgam of carnage and carnality!
An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.
An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
An archaic school where football is not taught.
An architect's first work is apt to be spare and clean.
An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.
An atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
An attorney was defending his client against a charge of first-degree murder.
An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you really care to know.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
An economist is a man who would marry Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.
An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
An efficient and a successful administration manifests itself equally in small as in great matters.
An egghead is one who stands firmly on both feet, in mid-air, on both sides of an issue.
An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island.
An electronic computer might do the job a little faster but it wouldn't be as much fun to watch.
An elegant new standard in quality excellence and discriminating handcraftsmanship.
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
An elusive creature living in a program that makes it incorrect.
An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician find themselves in an anecdote, indeed an anecdote quite similar to many that you have no doubt already heard.
An enormous man, standing over eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a rattlesnake for a whip.
An entire fraternity of strapping Wall-Street-bound youth.
An evil mind is a great comfort.
An excellence-oriented '80s male does not wear a regular watch.
An excellent restaurant wouldn't have a table ready immediately for anybody below the rank of Liza Minnelli.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
An expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
An extensive network with many on-line and offshore subsystems running under OS, DOS, and IOS.
An eye in a blue face Saw an eye in a green face.
An honest god is the noblest work of man.
An honest politician is one who when he is bought will stay bought.
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.
An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God.
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup.
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
An imbedded system can't permanently trust anything it hears from the outside world.
An inamorato is somebody in love.
An inclined plane is a slope up.
An incorrect model can be a useful tool.
An index of the lack of development of a culture.
An infallible method of conciliating a tiger is to allow oneself to be devoured.
An innovative feature of DOGO is puppy graphics, a small cocker spaniel that occasionally leaves a deposit as it travels across the screen.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
An interesting footnote to this design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the result of two program errors: the first, in the program that started the problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the system.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
An issue or two of a journal devoted to your proof is useful.
An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
An object will fall so as to do the most damage.
An odd sort of person with a thing for pain.
An offer you can't understand.
An office party is not, as is sometimes supposed the Managing Director's chance to kiss the tea-girl.
An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.
An older student came to Otis and said, I have been to see a great number of teachers and I have given up a great number of pleasures.
An open mind has but one disadvantage: it collects dirt.
An operating system, replied the programmer.
An optimist believes we live in the best world possible; a pessimist fears this is true.
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
An ordinary man a long way from home.
An organization dries up if you don't challenge it with growth.
An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.
An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge.
An ounce of prevention is worth a ton of code.
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
An uncomfortable sort of age.
An unknown beginner to be directed by Lubitsch, in a script by Wilder and Brackett, and to play with Paramount's two superstars, Gary Cooper and Claudette Colbert, and to be beaten up by both of them!
An unreliable programming language generating unreliable programs constitutes a far greater risk to our environment and to our society than unsafe cars, toxic pesticides, or accidents at nuclear power stations.
An unspecified physical object, a widget.
An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.
Anarchy may not be a better form of government, but it's better than no government at all.
And, of course, you have the commercials where savvy businesspeople Get Ahead by using their MacIntosh computers to create the ultimate American business product: a really sharp-looking report.
And, there was a Princess in a neighboring kingdom who was of marriageable age.
And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going and making yourself like everybody else.
Happy the land that needs no heroes.
Angel Martin tells me you buy information.
Angels we have heard on High Tell us to go out and Buy.
Anger is momentary madness.
Anger kills as surely as the other vices.
Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
Another day, another dollar.
Another dream that failed.
Another flame from greg' - need I say more?
Another goal is to establish a relationship in which it is OK for everybody to do their best.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Another greeting card category consists of those persons who send out photographs of their families every year.
Another important grammar concept to bear in mind when creating hand- lettered small-business signs is that you should put quotation marks around random words for decoration, as in TRY OUR HOT DOG'S, or even TRY OUR HOT DOG'S.
Another man's, I mean.
Another of our graduates writes, I recently completed a database-management program for my department manager.
Another state in the northeast United States.
Another student writes After only five lessons I sold a My Most Unforgettable Program article to Corrosive Computing magazine.
Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
Another versatile equation also emerged, one which would define a function that would continue to grow, but never reach unity.
Another whom we adore when he plays the piano turned the pages.
Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.
Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
Answers to electric can opener.
Anthropologists call this a form of primitive self-expression.
Anti-trust laws should be approached with exactly that attitude.
Antonio Antonio Uttered a dismal moanio And went off and hid Or I'm told that he did In the Antartical Zonio.
Anxious to find shelter for the night, he walked over to a farmhouse and knocked on the front door.
Any activity that can't be done while smoking should be avoided.
Any animal leading a blind person shall be deemed to be a cat.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts.
Any circuit design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Any computer design over 10 years old is obsolete.
Any computer with a mouse is worthless.
Any cook who swears in French.
Any country with democratic in the title isn't.
Any coward can sit in his home and criticize a pilot for flying into a mountain in a fog.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Any father who thinks he's all important should remind himself that this country honors fathers only one day a year while pickles get a whole week.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know how to lie well.
Any further difficulties, open the second envelope.
Any girl can be glamorous; all you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
Any given program costs more and takes longer.
Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
Any given program will expand to fill available memory.
Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!
Any man who has lived at all knows the follies and wickedness he's capabe of.
Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
Any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple his world.
Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be liable to a fine of one pound.
Any mind that would audaciously put itself forth to work all alone is surely a bad example for the students, and probably, if not downright antisocial, at least a little off-center, self-indulgent, elitist.
Any news from the President on a successor?
Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order items.
Any one of its divisions could comprise an entire business.
Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give enough.
Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.
Any program which runs right is obsolete.
Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.
Any recipe calling for soybeans tastes like mud.
Any resemblance between the above and my own views is non-deterministic.
Any resemblance between the above views and those of my employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely coincidental.
Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.
Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere.
Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to exactly the point of most pressure.
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
Any violent rearrangement of feline matter is impermanent.
Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years organising and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.
Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is probably parked.
Anybody who goes on a tour is a Bozo.
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
Anyone attempting to generate random numbers by deterministic means is, of course, living in a state of sin.
Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed to be doing at the moment.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Anyone can learn how to hack, but Engineering doesn't come nearly as easily.
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs.
Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
Anyone in your company who is more senior than you are.
Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.
Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human.
Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation of these atoms is talking moonshine.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you that a sentence like You're one of those computer people, aren't you?
Anyone who has been putting off work until they got a round tuit now has no excuse for further procrastination.
Anyone who has had a bull by the tail knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't.
Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time as the strawberries, knows nothing about grapes.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
Anyone who thinks UNIX is intuitive should be forced to write 5000 lines of code using nothing but vi or emacs.
Anyone who uses the phrase easy as taking candy from a baby has never tried taking candy from a baby.
Anything anybody can say about America is true.
Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator.
Anything cut to length will be too short.
Anything done while honking your horn is legal.
Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr.
Anything for your wife, sir?
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening.
Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about.
Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.
Anything is possible on paper.
Anything is possible, unless it's not.
Anything made by IBM is junk.
Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats.
Anything that begins well will end badly.
Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.
Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.
Anything that seems of momentous occasion should be dwelt upon as though it were of slight note.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
Anyway, it keeps me busy!
Anywhere outside a university.
Apart from the unknowns, everything is obvious.
Apathy Club meeting this Friday.
Apollo 11's LEM, Eagle, to Johnson Space Center, Houston July 20, 1969, 7:27 P.
Apparently it is so fast it can photograph an American with his mouth shut!
Apparently then, the date of conception was August 8th?
Apparently, the Kraft board of directors had all but signed the takeover agreement when they learned of Philip Morris' marketing plans for one of their major Middle East subsidiaries.
Appearances often are deceiving.
Appendix: A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.
Apply only to affected area.
Approaching her, he introduced himself and, after some quiet conversation, said, I'm afraid you and I don't really fit in with this jaded group.
Approaching the back door he was startled to see an apparition of the old cat mournfully holding its severed tail out, silently pleading for Gabe to put the tail back on its corpse so that it could go on to the kitty afterworld complete.
Approaching the gates of the monastery, Hakuin found Ken the Zen preaching to a group of disciples.
April 1 This is the day upon which we are reminged of what we are on the other three hundred and sixty-four.
April 2, 1751 Issac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.
April is the cruellest month.
Aquavit is also considered useful for medicinal purposes, an essential ingredient in what I was once told is the Norwegian cure for the common cold.
Aquavit may be hard to find and expensive to boot.
Arbitrary systems, pl.
Archibald Leach Edward G.
Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Are perfect orgasms beginning to bore you?
Are the STEWED PRUNES still in the HAIR DRYER?
Are they really bitter?
Are they taking no-fault insurance lying down?
Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?
Are we laid back yet?
Are we live or on tape?
Are we on STRIKE yet?
Are we running light with overbyte?
Are we, as the saying goes, giving away the store?
Are you ever going to do the dishes?
Are you having fun yet?
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Are you mentally here at Pizza Hut?
Are you obnoxious, obsessed?
Are you police officers?
Are you selling NYLON OIL WELLS?
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Are you sure you're not an encyclopedia salesman?
Are you sure you're telling the truth?
Are you the foreman around here?
Are you the self-frying president?
Are you willing to go ahead?
Are your glasses mended with a strip of masking tape right over your nose?
Aren't we all out on our own recognizance?
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Aren't you glad you're not getting all the government you pay for now?
Aren't you then separating people into four groups?
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
Arguments with furniture are rarely productive.
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
Arithmetic: An obscure art no longer practiced in the world's developed countries.
Armadillo: To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.
Armageddon never looked so good.
Armaments Chapter One, verses nine through twenty-seven: Bro.
Armed men surrounded the jet.
Armenians and Azerbaijanis in Stepanakert, capital of the Nagorno-Karabakh autonomous region, rioted over much needed spelling reform in the Soviet Union.
Army officiers there of the perilous situation.
Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.
Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to measure progress.
Around the FUTURE and BEYOND REPAIR!
Around the turn of this century, a composer named Camille Saint-Saens wrote a satirical zoological-fantasy called Le Carnaval des Animaux.
Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's incomplete and saying: Now it's complete because it's ended here.
Arrange them to your will, each foot in place.
Arriving at the lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.
Art is Nature speeded up and God slowed down.
Art is a jealous mistress.
Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth.
Art is anything you can get away with.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Art is everything else.
Art is the tree of life.
Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as artificial flowers have to flowers.
Artistic ventures highlighted.
As Beren looked into her eyes Within the shadows of her hair, The trembling starlight of the skies He saw there mirrored shimmering.
As I said we tried to remove the tusks, but they were imbedded so firmly we couldn't get them out.
As I was passing Project MAC, I met a Quux with seven hacks.
As I was walking among the fires of Hell, delighted with the enjoyments of Genius; which to Angels look like torment and insanity.
As I went walking, I saw a sign there, And on the sign it said: No Trespassing.
As President I have to go vacuum my coin collection!
As Will Rogers would have said, There is no such things as a free variable.
As Zeus said to Narcissus, Watch yourself.
As a child I was deprived of licorice.
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
As a general rule of thumb, never trust anybody who's been in therapy for more than 15 percent of their life span.
As a goatherd learns his trade by goat, so a writer learns his trade by wrote.
As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
As a metaphor for the fact that few of us fully exploit our talents, who could deny it?
As a method of sending a missile to the higher, and even to the highest parts of the earth's atmospheric envelope, Professor Goddard's rocket is a practicable and therefore promising device.
As a note, they eventually DID make the cover of RS.
As a programmer, yes, she replied, And you claimed to be very near two meters tall!
As a refuge for occultists seeking a neural basis of the miraculous, it leaves much to be desired.
As a result, the manager retained his job.
As a tracer, you must rid the computer networks of slimy, criminal data thieves.
As anyone who has ever owned a puppy already knows.
As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face and a diploma in his paw.
As bright as bright can be.
As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling outside.
As compared with the statesman, he suffers the disadvantage of being alive.
As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
As distinguished from some other bar.
As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp the meaning of existence.
As far as I can tell, our second basewoman is a pretty good baseball player, better than I am, anyway, but there's no way to know for sure because if the ball gets anywhere near her, a male comes barging over from, say, right field, to deal with it.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
As far as we can tell, he's dead.
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
As fast as possible get a good terminal on a good system.
As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless; and considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to be childless.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
As for the basic assumptions about individuality and self, this is the core of what I like about cyberpunk.
As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we might be advised to leave them to heaven.
As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about it.
As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em, We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
As he designs the first work, frill after frill and embellishment after embellishment occur to him.
As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought the potato salad.
As he looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully.
As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man galloped through town screaming, Big Mike's comin'!
As he neared the far curb, he noticed two young blondes in a red convertible eyeing him and giggling.
As he passed through the Gates, he paused a moment in thought, and turned to God and said, A new creature called Man, I hear, is soon to be created.
As he waited for the pitch, he heard the voice calling, Hey Dave!
As he was taken away he made a bargain with the king: in one year he would teach the king's favorite horse to sing hymns.
As her grateful offspring flocked around her shouting Oh, Mother, you saved us!
As host, your job is to make sure that they don't arrest anybody.
As in Protestant Europe, by contrast, where sects divided endlessly into smaller competing sects and no church dominated any other, all is different in the fragmented world of IBM.
As in all the arts, a romance with the material must be well under way.
As in certain cults it is possible to kill a process if you know its true name.
As in memory access, unpredictable.
As in number, predictable.
As it remains in its one position, all the other stars surround it.
As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.
As long as it is somebody else's.
As long as it means that, I don't mind, said End-user humbly.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve The Problem, saving the documentation for later.
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
As long as we're going to reinvent the wheel again, we might as well try making it round this time.
As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
As man struggles to discover cheaper alternatives, we need your help.
As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
As matters stand, their only common interest is that of cutting each other's throat.
As me an' me marrer was readin' a tyape, The tyape gave a shriek mark an' tried tae escyape; It skipped ower the gyate tae the end of the field, An' jigged oot the room wi' a spool an' a reel!
As miserable as ever, replied the enlightened Kyogen.
As much as one is compelled to admire the poem's technique, one must question whether its byplay of complex literary allusions does not in fact distract from the unity of the whole.
As night falls the wagon train forms a circle, and a campfire is lit in the middle.
As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10.
As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL.
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
As on the land while here the ocean gains, In other parts it leaves wide sandy plains; Thus in the soul while memory prevails, The solid power of understanding fails; Where beams of warm imagination play, The memory's soft figures melt away.
As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs; a process that traditionally requires some debugging.
As she began to get up, she quickly added, Oh, and God, this is goodbye.
As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back onto the stool.
As soon as no more of it she could hear The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
As soon as the competitor approaches the pot, he falls into the pit - John C.
As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought.
As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once.
As the amount of affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately.
As the basses grew more and more inebriated, two of them fell asleep.
As the bird flew off, Nasrudin called after it, Foolish bird!
As the fragrance of acacia.
As the garbage collector runs, it may ask you something like Do you remember what SI:RDTBL-TRANS does?
As the sun rises on the morning of the fourth day, the parrot walks over to the magician's end of the log.
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
As they coped with each obstacle they became more and more disgusted with their page.
As they passed each other at 3,000 feet, the 'chutist yells, HEY!
As they spoke a Multics system hacker walked by.
As they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
As they're driving along the savannah in their jeep, they stop and scout the horizon with their binoculars.
As to Jesus of Nazareth.
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
As to why he then stopped there are two opinions.
As to your first question, no cat out of its first fur can ever be deceived by appearances.
As usual, the photography is stunning.
As well look for a needle in a bottle of hay.
As well set your boot to the mountain's root, For the seat of a troll don't feel it.
As with most fine things, chocolate has its season.
As year followed year.
As you are probably the only person to have heard the news on the radio, be sure to post as soon as you can.
As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney.
As you grow older, you will still do foolish things, but you will do them with much more enthusiasm.
As you will see, I told them, in no uncertain terms, to see Figure one.
Aside from one movement of this piece, The Swan, Saint-Saens didn't allow this work to be published or even performed until a year had elapsed after his death.
Ask about the stock market and cash in.
Ask any college professor.
Ask any of my remaining friends.
Ask me the what the most important thing about telling a good joke is.
Ask not for whom the Bell tolls, and you will pay only the station-to-station rate.
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls.
Ask not what A Group of Employees can do for you.
Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
Ask somebody something.
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
Asked how she felt being the first woman to make a major-league team, she said, Like a pig in mud, or words to that effect, and then turned and released a squirt of tobacco juice from the wad of rum soaked plug in her right cheek.
Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamp-post how it feels about dogs.
Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.
Assume that the theorem is true for some value k.
Astonished at the wonderful power you have developed, and terrified at the thought that so much hideous and bad music may be put on record forever.
Astrological gibberish, which means astrology generally, has no place in a newspaper, let alone government.
Astrology is the sheerest hokum.
Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.
At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers, a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
At Harvard they'd call it a noun.
At McClellan Air Force base in Sacramento, California, civilian mechanics were placed on non-duty, non-pay status.
At about 5,000 feet, still struggling, he noticed someone coming up from the ground at about the same speed as he was going towards the ground.
At all times, for any task, you have not got enough done today.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely, Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so charming a wife.
At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is not.
At any rate, these six pieces are about men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word empathy.
At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe and not make messes in the house.
At ebb tide I wrote a line upon the sand, and gave it all my heart and all my soul.
At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is quite untrue in practice.
At first the infant, Mewling and puking in the Regent's arms.
At first the miller thought himself the most fortunate man in the world, but soon all the villages had salt to last them for centuries and still the machine kept on grinding more salt.
At flood tide I returned to read what I had inscribed and found my ignorance upon the shore.
At four we know all the questions, at eighteen all the answers.
At his company's Fourth of July picnic, George brought his new pet and announced that the animal could recite the entire Gettysburg Address.
At last I've found the girl of my dreams.
At last he determined that he would sink the machine in the sea and be rid of it.
At last the head of a man appeared out of an upstairs window.
At least he said it was a Jewish saying; I can't find it anywhere.
At least it's better than no Moon at all.
At night the ice weasels come.
At night, the ice weasels come.
At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his thumb with a hammer.
At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.
At that moment, the donkey brayed loudly inside the stable.
At that moment, the monk was enlightened.
At that momment, Sussman was enlightened.
At that point, a security guard in the lobby turned to another guard and commented, If there's anything I just can't stand, it's chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
At the end of the third week the mathematician wakes his friend by pounding on his door at three in the morning.
At the end of your life there'll be a good rest, and no further activities are scheduled.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have answered themselves.
At the first sign of trouble, open the first envelope.
At the foot of the mountain, thunder: The image of Providing Nourishment.
At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news to the patients.
At the late night, double feature, Picture show.
At the next stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on.
At the other end of Dino Ditch.
At the rear, the machine carries the milk-dispensing equipment as well as a built-in flyswatter and insect repeller.
At the same time, Guerrero, at third, was making a few plays that weren't exactly soothing to manager Tom Lasorda's stomach.
At the same time, a blind snake was slithering through the same forest, with identical results.
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
At the tone leave your name and message; I'll get back to you.
At these interest rates, we don't need it.
At this Minsky shut his eyes, and Sussman asked his teacher Why do you close your eyes?
At this point, one of his players happened to enter the dean's office.
At this time, said Nasrudin, I only want to say that the King spoke to me.
At this, all of them became angry and several resigned on the spot.
At times discretion should be thrown aside, and with the foolish we should play the fool.
At which point the salesman turned to his friend, and said, You unpack while I go and find us a bear.
At whose beckoning history shook.
At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the number of pens that person is carrying.
Athens built the Acropolis.
Atlanta makes it against the law to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole or street lamp.
Atlanta: An entire city surrounded by an airport.
Atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed.
Attached to the ears.
Attempts to treat most mental diseases as though they were completely free of physical causes and attempts to treat most bodily diseases as though the mind were in no way involved must be considered archaic in the light of new evidence about the way the human body functions.
Auction: A gyp off the old block.
Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
Audio files deafen the ear.
August night in 1945, Hopper and her associates were working on the granddaddy of modern computers, the Mark I.
Authentic: Indubitably true, in somebody's opinion.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
Avoid any wine with a childproof cap.
Avoid cliches like the plague.
Avoid commas, that are unnecessary.
Avoid contact with skin.
Avoid fried meats which angry up the blood.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons, for they are sales reps.
Avoid overuse of 'quotation marks.
Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Avoid run-on sentences they are hard to read.
Avoid running at all times.
Avoid strange women and temporary variables.
Avoid the Gates of Hell.
Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.
Aware, like a fox crossing the water.
Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace, And saw, within the moonlight in his room, Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom, An angel writing in a book of gold.
Awright, which one of you hid my PENIS ENVY?
Aww, if you make me cry anymore, you'll fog up my helmet.
Ay, he commented, now they are perfectly right.
Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.
B, which is shown to follow from Corollary 6.
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
BSD, but is even bug for bug compatible in almost all features.
BTW, does Jesus know you flame?
BUT, says the Oncler, now that you're here, the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear!
BYTE editors are men who seperate the wheat from the chaff, and then print the chaff.
BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then carefully print the chaff.
Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?
Bachelor: A guy who is footloose and fiancee-free.
Bachelors' wives and old maids' children are always perfect.
Back came a signal Advisable for you to change course 20 degrees.
Back came the flashing light: I'm a lighthouse!
Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks.
Back in the early 60's, touch tone phones only had 10 buttons.
Back then, there were no restrictions, in terms of talent, on who could make an album, so we made one, and it sounds like a group of people who have been given powerful but unfamiliar instruments as a therapy for a degenerative nerve disease.
Back to back, they faced each other, Drew their swords and shot each other.
Back to the drawing board.
Back when I was a boy, it was 40 miles to everywhere, uphill both ways and it was always snowing.
Back, after an animated conversation with the other occupants of the truck, he reassures the clerk, that, yes, in fact, two-by-fours would be acceptable.
Backed up the system lately?
Bacon's not the only thing that's cured by hanging from a string.
Bad marksmanship, the hunter groused.
Bad men live that they may eat and drink, whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
Baldwin's concerning upstarts: We don't care to eat toadstools that think they are truffles.
Bankers are not ever popular but at least they bank.
Barbie says, Take quaaludes in gin and go to a disco right away!
Barlow explained that the night was dark, and he waved his lantern frantically, but the driver of the car paid no attention to the signal.
Barmaid: Why, we get both kinds of music, Country and Western.
Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
Baseball is a skilled game.
Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today?
Basic is a high level languish.
Basically my wife was immature.
Basically, a tool is an object that enables you to take advantage of the laws of physics and mechanics in such a way that you can seriously injure yourself.
Basketball, soybeans, hogs and basketball.
Same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!
Batteries not included.
Be a better psychiatrist and the world will beat a psychopath to your door.
Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely get your Feet wet.
Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
Be brief, concise, and specific.
Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or situations that can't bear inspection.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
Be careful when you bite into your hamburger.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Be cheerful while you are alive.
Be circumspect in your liaisons with women.
Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment, And despite the changing fortunes of time, There is always a big future in computer maintenance.
Be content with what you've got.
Be different: conform.
Be forewarned, for this trade show shall not escape unplundered.
Be frank and explicit with your lawyer.
Be free and open and breezy!
Be hateful and boring.
Be it our wealth, our jobs, or even our homes; nothing is safe while the legislature is in session.
Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
Be not a witness against thy neighbor without cause; and deceive not with thy lips.
Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
Be off, I say; go bug somebody new, Scram, beat it, get thee hence, and nuts to you.
Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!
Be off, or I'll kick you downstairs!
Be practical, was the choral reply from the dinner table.
Be prepared to accept sacrifices.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
Be self-reliant and your success is assured.
Be so good as to mark the place and consider at your leisure.
Be sure as well that they understand that all things on the net, particularly insults, are meant literally.
Be sure it's true, when you say I love you.
Be sure the rum is of the highest quality.
Be sure to use it properly.
Be sure to wear safety glasses.
Be sure you've got plenty.
Be thankful you are not my student.
Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Be wary of strong drink.
Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!
Beat ya' to the punchline, ya' scrawny li'l geek!
Beats me, said Goodgulf with a shrug, but I thought it made good copy.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
Beauty is transitory.
Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.
Beauty, brains, availability, personality; pick any two.
Beauty: What's in your eye when you have a bee in your hand.
Because I do, Because I do not hope, Because I do not hope to survive Injustice from the Palace, death from the air, Because I do, only do, I continue.
Because I'm bigger than you.
Because Things go better with Coke.
Because at night we need the light more.
Because death is momentous, give it no thought; because victory is important, give it no thought; because the method of achievement and discovery is less momentous than the effect, dwell always upon the method.
Because he knows it teases.
Because he was argumentary and he couldn't pronunciate his words.
Because he was hungry.
Because in life they prayed so ill And offered god such swinish swill Now they sweat in flames of hell Sweat from lack of APL Sweat dung!
Because it was on the other side.
Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before there is change.
Because my mouth knows more than my brain.
Because newspapers are read too.
Because nobody cares, that's why.
Because of their strong biases, they seem to lack the self-correcting mechanisms scientists must employ in their work.
Because people want a car with a reputation for going when you want it to.
Because that was her name.
Because the management interferes too much.
Because the paging thrashes!
Because the wine remembers.
Because their time is wasted in meetings.
Because there's a Bozo on the other side.
Because they are burnt out.
Because they couldn't deliver.
Because this is a hardware store.
Because we don't think about future generations, they will never forget us.
Because we know that we could beat up their city anytime.
Because you are thinking of yourself.
Because your hackers have so much mobility into the establishment.
Because, Jacek, you have such golden hands, the teacher explains.
Bed-sitter people look back and lament; another day's useless energies spent.
Bedfellows make strange politicians.
Been Transferred Lately?
Beer simultaneously too, but somewhat slower.
Beer until their friends try Windows 95 Beer and say they like it.
Beer's better that way!
Beer: Comes in a 32-oz can.
Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.
Before I took this course I used to be a lowly bit twiddler.
Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.
Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves offer more plausible alternatives.
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
Before destruction a man's heart is haughty, but humility goes before honour.
Before he could mind, Tom slipped behing And gave him the boot to larn him.
Before he left, he warned her if she should fell a deer to be wary of hunters who might beat her to the carcass and claim the kill.
Before marriage the three little words are I love you, after marriage they are Let's eat out.
Before or after he died?
Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.
Before the concert began Enesco became nervous and asked for someone to turn his pages.
Before the summer's end, four more teenagers have disappeared.
Before you ask more questions, think about whether you really want to know the answers.
Before you make the copies, send a chip or other bit of hardware, and 100 lines of 'C' code to the first person on the list given at the bottom of this letter.
Beggars should be no choosers.
Begin at the beginning, the King said, gravely, and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
Begin at the beginning,, the King said, very gravely, and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.
Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.
Behind they have two legs, and in front they have fore-legs.
Being Ymor's right-hand man was like being gently flogged to death with scented bootlaces.
Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what it does.
Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.
Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and stupid to do your job properly, you have to go, where the very opposite applies with the judges.
Being a natural prankster, he acquired a fleet of beat-up shabby, wreckages waiting for the scrap heap in California.
Being against torture ought to be sort of a bipartisan thing.
Being against torture ought to be sort of a multipartisan thing.
Being asked solicitously about the state of her health was becoming bothersome to the pregnant woman at the cocktail party.
Being both an EE and an asshole at the same time must be a terrible burden for you.
Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.
Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!
Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real disasters in life begin when you get what you want.
Being or pertaining to a tangible, nonexistent object.
Being or pertaining to an existing, nontangible object.
Being popular is important.
Being schizophrenic is better than living alone.
Being sentimental is when the same driver, when swerving away from the rabbit hits a pedestrian.
Being the chief witness, his testimony was vitally important.
Being true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the mark of a fake messiah.
Being ugly isn't illegal.
Bel-Shamharoth was especially attracted to dabblers in magic who, by being as it were beachcombers on the shores of the unnatural, were already half-enmeshed in his nets.
Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too impossibly bad.
Belongs more to the problem set than the solution set.
Ben Adhem's name led all the rest.
Ben, why didn't you tell me?
Beneath this stone lies Murphy, They buried him today, He lived the life of Riley, While Riley was away.
Berkeley is dedicated to coffee, angst, potholes and coffee.
Berkeley, needless to say, is not nearly as athletic.
Bernard Shaw is an excellent man; he has not an enemy in the world, and none of his friends like him either.
Besides, people care much more about the signature anyway.
Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969 judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best.
Best of all is never to have been born.
Betsy Baker played a central role in the history of collecting.
Betsy had either burned them or used them as pie bottoms.
Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
Better dead than mellow.
Better go buy some more.
Better go by some more.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
Better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it.
Better late than never.
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
Better to think about cucumbers even, than not to think at all.
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
Better tried by twelve than carried by six.
Better, probably, because you haven't had four beers.
Betty McCollister, Our Transitional Species, Free Inquiry magazine, Vol.
Between 1950 and 1952, a bored weatherman, stationed north of Hudson Bay, left a monument that neither government nor time can eradicate.
Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.
Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
Between our quests We sequin vests And impersonate Clark Gable It's a busy life in Camelot.
Between thre and fiv tran.
Between yourself and me.
Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather a new wearer of clothes.
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
Beware of computerized fortune-tellers!
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
Beware of geeks bearing graft.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Beware of programmers carrying screwdrivers.
Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a drip under pressure.
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.
Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before, Bokonon tells us.
Beware of the solution that requires one side to be totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner.
Beware the Hopatcong, my son!
Beware the Jabberstock, my son!
Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
Beware the broken pipe, and shun The frumious system crash!
Beware the new TTY code!
Beware the one behind you.
Beware the quantum duck!
Beware the software rot, my son!
Beware, scant days past the Ides of July.
Beyerstein, The Brain and Consciousness: Implications for Psi Phenomena, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol.
Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
Big M, Little M, many mumbling mice Are making midnight music in the moonlight, Mighty nice!
Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!
Big business never pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes.
Big fish alone escape from thee!
Bigamy is having one spouse too many.
Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
Bill Dickey, Josh Gibson.
Bill, Your brain no longer functions.
Billy proudly stood up and announced, My daddy plays piano in a whorehouse.
Billy's father answered the door.
Billy's father replied, Well, I'm really an attorney.
Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise, and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
Biochemists think they're chemists.
Biologists differ only with respect to theories about how the process operates.
Biologists think they're biochemists.
Biology grows on you.
Biology is the only science in which multiplication means the same thing as division.
Birds and bees have as much to do with the facts of life as black nightgowns do with keeping warm.
Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.
Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.
Bistromathics is simply a revolutionary new way of understanding the behavior of numbers.
Bit off more than my mind could chew, Shower or suicide, what do I do?
Bite the wax tadpole.
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic.
Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies, Shy little angels as gentle as puppies, Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish, They were just some of my tropical fish.
Blackmail a senior executive.
Blaise Pascal, your programs will be run at half speed.
Blast medicine anyway!
Blend all together until creamy with no lumps.
Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed are they that have nothing to say, and who cannot be persuaded to say it.
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known as Wheels.
Blessed be those who initiate lively discussions with the hopelessly mute, for they shall be know as Dentists.
Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it, for he shall enjoy living.
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
Blew up when we turned it on.
Blind, masochistic minority, crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey.
Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
Blow it out your ear.
Blue skies from pain?
Bo Derek ruined my life!
Bob Hope as The Waiter.
Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000 dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.
Bob has lost his keys in a room which is dark except for one brightly lit corner.
Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.
Boil for three hours, pricking regularly all over.
Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them seemed to come from Texas.
Bondage maybe, discipline never!
Boola boola Pensacoola hullabaloo!
Booth proved that it was by the simple expedient of kneeling down, pursing his lips and sucking the back of an armchair.
Born under one law, to another bound.
Boston State House is the hub of the Solar System.
Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.
Both make one feel like a baby clutching at a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and interface circuit details.
Both those things sound pretty good to me.
Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
Bowie-knives, we cordially recommend our Sacramento climate and Sacramento surgery.
Boy gets another beer.
Boy, I'd do anything for one of those Rolls-Royces, she said.
Boy, am I glad it's only 1971.
Boy, get your head out of the stars above, You get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Boy, life takes a long time to live.
Boy, that crayon sure did hurt!
Boyce, he hangs on to it, puts it on his legal stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what a lesser person would do, such as get it changed or kill himself.
Boys are beyond the range of anybody's sure understanding, at least when they are between the ages of 18 months and 90 years.
Boys marry because of a chronic irritation that causes them to gravitate in the direction of objects with certain curvilinear properties.
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
Boys, you have ALL been selected to LEAVE th' PLANET in 15 minutes!
Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.
Bozos are people who band together for fun and profit.
Brahma said: Well, after hearing ten thousand explanations, a fool is no wiser.
Brain damage is all in your head.
Brandy Davis, an outfielder and teammate of mine with the Pittsburgh Pirates, is my choice for team captain.
Brandy-and-water spoils two good things.
Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
Break RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Breakfast at the Egg House, Like the waffle on the griddle, I'm burnt around the edges, But I'm tender in the middle.
Breakfast in London, dinner in New York, luggage in Brazil.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.
Breast Feeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests, since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind.
Breathe deep the gathering gloom.
Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.
Brian Kernighan has an automobile which he helped design.
Brian Kerrighan, Advisor.
Briefly, this consists of four fermentation and storage tanks connected in series by an intricate network of flexible plumbing.
Brigands will demand your money or your life, but a woman will demand both.
Bring a friend, if you have one.
Bring me back an orange.
Bring me my arrows of desire!
Bring me my bow of burning gold!
Bring me my chariot of fire!
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.
Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers.
British aircraft carrier in the Formosa Straits.
British convertible tops leak water, British engines leak oil, British displacer units leak hydrostatic fluid, and I might add Brititsh tires leak air, and the British defense unit leaks secrets.
British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive it.
British electronics leak smoke.
British wife, and eat American food.
Brother, here we go again.
Bruce Perens in response to Linus Torvalds's mailing about a kernel bug.
Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.
Buddha-nature or not.
Bug reports now amount to an average of 12,853 per day.
Build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.
Building translators is good clean fun.
Built to take on the world.
Bullets Can't Kill Them!
Bulls do not win bull fights; people do.
Bureaucracy is the enemy of innovation.
Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.
Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.
Business will be either better or worse.
But Edison's greatest achievement came in 1879, when he invented the electric company.
But Herr Mozart, you were writing symphonies when you were 8 years old.
But I always fired into the nearest hill or, failing that, into blackness.
But I am persuaded that such behavior on the part of the representatives of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal.
But I can hear it bray, over there.
But I do believe I am a glowworm.
But I do have a most splendid skin from one of Pharoah's own cattle.
But I do say meet it as a friend, for you'll see a lot of it and you had better be on speaking terms with it.
But I don't like Spam!
But I don't mind the swelling.
But I don't want to go on the cart.
But I dream things that never were; and I say Why not?
But I feel sad for anyone who thinks that alt.
But I find the old notions somehow appealing.
But I have no abilities, desires, or imagination, Master, the scholar sobbed.
But I heard him laugh and then I heard him cuss, And he went for his gun, but I pulled mine first, And he sat there lookin' at me, and I saw him smile.
But I made me a vow to the moon and the stars, I'd search the honkey tonks and the bars, And kill the man that give me that awful name.
But I never asked anybody how.
But I said, Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead.
But I still have checks left!
But I try not to think with my gut.
But I want you to know that there's always a chance for us.
But I was there and I saw what you did, I saw it with my own two eyes.
But I will trick those dirty skunks And write a brand new poem called 'Trunks'.
But I would not engage the wombat In any form of mortal combat.
But I would rather, by far, die on a mountainside than in bed.
But I wouldn't consider it.
But I'd be delighted to sell you a necktie.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me, Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
But I'm a physical organic chemist!
But I'm feeling much better.
But I'm glad for what we had and that I once loved you.
But I'm sick and tired of being told that I am.
But I'm waitin' in the queue, How I miss a good meal so.
But Ken says, WOO-WOO!
But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!
But Rabshakeh said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and to thee, to speak these words?
But Richard and I were not many people.
But a Super Programmer, oblivious to fear.
But a collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones is a house.
But a diamond is a diamond even if there are no customers.
But a handy draft of poison avoids the harshest tax.
But a third couple, whose favorite animal was a hippopotamus, were blessed with not one, but TWO very healthy baby sons at the conclusion of the nine month interval.
But above all, try something.
But all will agree on a proposition that they possess profound spiritual resources.
But an authentic soothsayer should be shot on sight.
But an idea can't be seen or felt.
But an intelligent man needs only two thousand five hundred.
But an otter never ots.
But are they grateful?
But are you not, he said, a more fiendish disputant than the Great Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler of Ciceronicus Twelve, the Magic and Indefatigable?
But as he was walking along a Hamilton path, he met the traveling salesman.
But as records of courts of justice are admissible, it can easily be proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed and were a scourge to mankind.
But as soon as the human animal who asked himself this question emerged, he plunged himself and his descendants into an eternity of doubt and brooding, speculation and truth-seeking that has goaded him through the centures as reelentlessly as hunger or sexual longing.
But as we all know, tomorrow never comes!
But as you see the trees have gone They went this morning with the dawn.
But at the outer edges, this skepticism about science easily turns into a kind of naive acceptance of nonscience, or even nonsense.
But at the same time, it's what I do best.
But attaining a desired goal always is.
But bear in mind that your opinion of cats was not sought, only your services as a speaker.
But because Tubby does such a fine job of racing around parking lots with a large butterfly net retrieving floating IC chips, Xerox decided to give him a break.
But because it combines all of these things, people think it one of the gods!
But before we get into specific techniques, let's look at how plumbing works.
But by then the investment was so big they felt compelled to go on.
But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee, When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?
But do I see less or more?
But do not program in COBOL if you can avoid it.
But don't you get square!
But don't you see, the color of wine in a crystal glass can be spiritual.
But electrical problems are rarely consistently reproducible.
But even well-educated Christians are frustrated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure of Jesus because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record.
But flowers work almost as well.
But give me the rambling rover, from Orkney down to Dover, we will roam the whole world over, and together we'll face the world.
But glory doesn't mean 'a nice knock-down argument', Alice objected.
But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity.
But harder than stone is the flesh and bone Of a troll that sits in the hills alone.
But he built tetrahedral in his shape, His ions ferric, Love could not help but die, Uncatylised, inert, and undernourished.
But he cursed me when I proved to him I said, Not even you can hide.
But he soon realized that in order to mass produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.
But he was lean and tough like a bad rib-eye and he fought the bull.
But he was very stiff and proud, They sent an answer back to me.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
But how about a quarter a point on the side to make it interesting?
But how do you explain a thing like that to a seven-year-old child?
But how will I know when I have received enlightenment?
But however the selection process works, the result is indisputable: This time it will surely run, or I just found the last bug.
But if I do, don't pity me at all, Just lay my bones in the study hall.
But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
But if Mike, Dave, Rob and Jack go out for a brewsky, they will affectionately refer to each other as Bullet-Head, Godzilla, Peanut Brain and Useless.
But if National Geographic were to publish an article entitled The Girls of the California Junior College System Hunt the Wildebeest Naked, some people would call it pornography.
But if everything you say is a lie, then you are telling the truth.
But if it brought some passing fancy to some lowly humans as they haphazardly pranced their way through life's mournful jungle, then so be it.
But if it had to perish twice, I think I know enough of hate To say that for destruction, ice Is also great And would suffice.
But if it isn't, where did the idea come from, to torture and unsettle us?
But if successful, you join the elite sodality that spends hours unpurifying the dialect of the tribe with arcane talk of bits and bytes, RAMS and ROMS, hard disks and baud rates.
But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand.
But if you have a woman as a friend, you're going to wind up drunk and kissing your dog.
But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable nowdays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study.
But if you're searching for something you don't already know, your fingers could walk themselves to death.
But in Alabama the Tuscaloosa, but that is totally irrelephant to what I was saying.
But in most parts of the country today, the reluctance to have government is still strong.
But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
But in spite of it all, I'm able to grin, And think of the places my get-up has been.
But in today's technical vastness of the future, we can guess that surely things were much different.
But is drug testing in fact rationally related to the resurrection of competitiveness?
But is it not true, that you had something in YOUR hand?
But is that too high a price to pay for world peace?
But it happens every day.
But it is equally important to accept and tolerate different standards of courtesy, not expecting everyone else to adapt to one's own preferences.
But it is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it.
But it is only fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966, only two went back to women.
But it is permissible to make a judgment after you have examined the evidence.
But it is the universal weakness of mankind that what we are given to administer we presently imagine we own.
But it isn't like that at all.
But it may have a goal.
But it takes Murphy's law to explain why it is happening to you.
But it's OK to put your feet in it and swish them around a little.
But it's a question of congruence: precision and flexibility may be just as disfunctional in novel, uncertain situations as sloppiness and vacillation are in familiar, well-defined ones.
But it's not what I really want to do.
But it's too late baby.
But it's what I want to do.
But just as I'm about to slide into bed, she always wakes up and gives me hell.
But just as he thought his dinner was caught, He found his hands had hold of naught.
But knowledge alone is not sufficient for some applications; wisdom is needed as well.
But lawyers do not give us law.
But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive for linearity and everywhere papers are full of approximations.
But let's hear from the chemist.
But like any powerful weapon, the use of God's name on one's behalf should be used sparingly.
But like the Good Book says.
But long ago he rode away, and where he dwelleth none can say; for into darkness fell his star in Mordor where the shadows are.
But man forgets reality and remembers words.
But many times We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.
But neither before breakfast.
But nobody believes he's going to be president anymore.
But not to Mississippoli, But first, send the Marines!
But now I can't remember WHO he is.
But now I see nothing.
But now I think a thought that brings me hope: Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
But now and then there's nothing left to do but hit the other person over the head with a frying pan.
But now it was time to hang up the cue.
But now the little man had another problem.
But obviously it cannot be where it is not.
But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send, Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
But of all these friends and lovers, There is no one compared with you, All these memories lose their meaning When I think of love as something new.
But of what use is your research?
But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast to the nearest gas station.
But oh, good Lord, the verse you make, It gives a chap the belly-ache.
But on the other side, it didn't say nothing, That side was made for you and me.
But one creature said at last, I trust that the current knows where it is going.
But one day, after many years together, I lay there on our bed recovering from a slight illness.
But one must go on trying.
But others would not.
But please don't ask me to help.
But please don't let that get you down, the renown of your gown is the talk of the town.
But rather less than more.
But remember the risk.
But scientists, who ought to know Assure us that it must be so.
But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment.
But she can never catch him at it.
But she really worked me over good, She was just like Jesse James.
But should a fat swine try to soar like a loon, So what?
But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?
But since we weren't sure whether it was OK to name our protocol after this popular television and movie star, we pretended that KERMIT was an acronym; unfortunately, we could never find a good set of words to go with the letters, as readers of some of our early source code can attest.
But so far, the whole country is like a concentration camp.
But some time later, When I feel a little straighter, I'll come across a stranger Who'll remind me of the danger, And then.
But son, do not bet this man, for you will end up with a ear full of cider.
But staking him out on an anthill should be reserved for the very wittiest.
But tell me, how come the pig has three wooden legs?
But that can't make the queue move fast.
But that group doesn't exist, so cross-post to news.
But that won't let people know who it is protested the lawyer.
But that would make it the truth!
But the Church soon made its peace with Galileo's cosmology.
But the Times might have enough room on the jump page to include a line or so that says something like: When he finished his speech, Muskie burst into tears and seized his campaign manager by the side of the neck.
But the changes need to be quantized.
But the conjunction Walter's horse exists, and it could be that Walter's horse has wings still does not imply Walter's horse is a thing that could have wings, for perhaps it can only be that Walter's horse has wings by Walter having a different horse.
But the dog did nothing in the nighttime.
But the drum-beat strains of the night remain in the rhythm of the new-born day.
But the fact is, they're not selling.
But the fly was too clever for him and said, I never light where I don't see other flies and I don't see any other flies in your house.
But the greatest Electrical Pioneer of them all was Thomas Edison, who was a brilliant inventor despite the fact that he had little formal education and lived in New Jersey.
But the hospital supplies a special booklet that lists hundreds of first names and their meanings, said the orderly.
But the instinct can be fought.
But the man merely wandered from booth to booth, humming quietly to himself.
But the man who should have turned the pages played the violin.
But the merry ring of the voice of spring Is borne upon the breeze.
But the mill ground so fast that boat and miller and machine were sunk together, and down below, the mill still went on grinding and that's why the sea is salt.
But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.
But the only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
But the only number that is both odd and even is infinity.
But the only one that preserves both sides.
But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
But the sky knows the reasons and the patterns behind all clouds, and you will know, too, when you lift yourself high enough to see beyond horizons.
But the south-east Victorian town of Sale has produced one to top them all.
But the two programmers remained friends until the end of their days.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.
But then I just take a deep breath and forget about it.
But then again, don't we all?
But then comes the marvel of the Minneapple summer.
But then some people are terrified to be seen carrying a modern screen magazine.
But then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window.
But then, he never claimed not to be a god.
But there are no certainties.
But there are sixty-year-old men, believe it or not, and women even older, who might wake up in the night screaming.
But there is a kind of Gresham's Law by which in popular culture the bad science drives out the good.
But there it was, an annoyed wombat, trapped in a telephone booth.
But there was also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a French restaurant.
But these assumptions do not lead to the notion, often uncritically embraced by strict Darwinians, that all major capacities of the brain must arise as direct products of natural selection.
But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
But they cried the more, Saviour!
But they didn't imply that you were to be impractical and refuse to take twice the value for a house if a buyer was such an idiot that he didn't force you down on the asking price.
But they laughed at me; they said I had made it up.
But they love sport too and no passing encounter goes unchallenged.
But they went to MARS around 1953!
But they're gonna have to fight for it.
But this economy of ours is not so simple that it obeys to the opinion of bias or the pronouncements of any particular individual, even to the President.
But this has taken us far afield from interface, which is not a bad place to be, since I particularly want to move ahead to the kludge.
But this is nothing to worry about unless you have carpeting.
But this one goes to eleven.
But this time, it isn't funny.
But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow enobled and no-one dare criticise it.
But to be brutally frank, women as a group have a long way to go before they reach the level of intensity and dedication to sports that enables men to be such incredible jerks about it.
But to have a pig soar when the monsoon doth roar Cast even more perils before swine.
But to our modern married fair, Who'd give their lords to save their hair, No stellar recognition's given.
But to speak against it is madness.
But to wantonly destroy a wolf, even one with an excessive taste for porkers, is unconscionable in these ecologically critical times when both man and his domestic beasts continue to maraud the earth.
But wait, it also calculates the work done in Joules, Ergs, and, yes, even BTU's.
But was he mature enough last night at the lesbian masquerade?
But watch for further reports.
But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand, slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point from which we can explore and understand and utilize it.
But we decide which is real, and which is an illusion.
But we have found that both internally and with outside designers if we are willing to have this kind of relationship and if we're willing to be vulnerable to what will come out of it, we get really good work.
But we may hope that the dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these United States will do away with this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine doctrines of this most venerated Reformer of human errors.
But we need this system immediately or even sooner!
But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade.
But we're not going to do it.
But what be bones that lie in a hole?
But what do all these things mean?
But what these unobservant birds Have failed to notice is that herds Of bears may come with buns And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.
But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable computers?
But what will become of the bicuspids?
But whatever else you do.
But when I found the door was locked The little fishes are in bed.
But when he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she started thrashing.
But when it comes down to keeping good people when the crunch comes, or investing money in something untried, only the brave reach deep into their pockets and play the game as it must be played.
But when told this, the programmer once more refused, saying, I exist so that I can program.
But which are the best ones to start with?
But while this simplistic formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the scientific mind.
But who among us has such luck?
But who could have dreamt of such an idiotic-looking move?
But with VAXen in the house even magnetic tapes would freeze.
But you do have to understand body language to know when they're lying and when they aren't.
But you imprison those who employ it privately.
But you must defend it nobly, not by imitating his own low behavior.
But you see that line there moving through the station?
But you shall not escape my iambics.
But you were right, they see it is easier than trading.
But you who live on dreams, you are better pleased with the sophistical reasoning and frauds of talkers about great and uncertain matters than those who speak of certain and natural matters, not of such lofty nature.
But you're not all there.
But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.
But your wife has been here a month and a half.
But, Mousie, thou art no thy lane, In proving foresight may be vain: The best laid schemes o' mice an' men Gang aft a-gley, An' lea'e us nought but grief and pain For promised joy.
But, a certain amount of unpredictable and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference between adequacy and excellence.
But, alas, we never do.
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
But, if you have the desire to learn, we can help you get started.
But, it was clear to everybody, that if you looked at it from behind, it was clear that Lenin was pointing to 11:00, when the Vodka shops opened, and was actually saying, Comrades, forward to the Vodka shops.
But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!
But, uh, WHY is there a WAFFLE in my PAJAMA POCKET?
But, you know, there is this cute guy who works there and HE says that VAX's are cooler!
Buy another beer and practice in front of mirror.
Buy just as much as you need.
Buy the negatives at any price.
By Paul Vixie, vixie-cron 3.
By Pete Ehlke in comp.
By a finger entwined in his hair.
By accident I put the car key in the door lock.
By all means marry: If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
By all means, do not use a hammer.
By contrast, an operating system is not limited my outside appearances.
By dark, trains from anywhere in the United States could operate over the tracks in the South, and a free interchange of freight cars everywhere was possible.
By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun.
By nature, men are nearly alike; by practice, they get to be wide apart.
By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
By not seeking to strive, it conquers without effort.
By now he was soaked to the skin.
By perseverance the snail reached the Ark.
By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
By signing up for the project you agreed to do whatever was necessary for success.
By that pool long ago I found the River-daughter, fair young Goldberry sitting in the rushes.
By that time, the Captain was furious.
By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong; what's more, he felt really good about himself.
By the firm of Druids, Inc.
By the inch, it's a cinch.
By the middle 1880's, practically all the roads except those in the South, were of the present standard gauge.
By the summer of '85, the valley had more satellite dishes per capita than an Eskimo village on the north slope of Alaska.
By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.
By the time a man reaches the checkout counter, his cart is packed tighter that the Clampett's car on Beverly Hillbillies.
By the time she was ten, didn't know if she was Carmen or Cohen.
By the time someone says I'd like you to meet Cecil, we shout, You're late again with the child support!
By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began to suspect Hungry.
By the way, ALL software projects are done by iterative prototyping.
By the way, the student says, That's not a Porsche, it's a Ferrari.
By the yard, life is hard.
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity.
By water, wood and hill, by reed and willow, By fire, sun and moon, harken now and hear us!
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve.
Bye for now, she said warmly.
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast.
Byron was simply a jerk.
C is best described as a low-level programming language.
C is for cc, as hackers recall, while D is for dd, the command that does all.
C makes it easy for you to shoot yourself in the foot.
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique.
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas la guerre!
C, except where void or prohibited by law.
C, the temperature at which brimstone or sulphur changes from a liquid to a gas.
C: This language was named for the grade received by its creator when he submitted it as a class project in a graduate programming class.
CAR and CDR now return extra values.
CDC Pascal compiler was fast.
COBOL: An exercise in Artificial Inelegance.
COBOL: Completely Over and Beyond reason Or Logic.
CYNDI LAUPER emerges wearing a BIRD CAGE on her head!
Caaaall for Super Chicken!
Cabbages and potatoes are better for you and me.
Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception.
Calabash, wherever you are.
Calculate that one rebellion in 13 states in the course of 11 years, is but one for each state in a century and a half.
Calculator, Will Travel.
Calendars are made with a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance salesmen.
Calibree considered it, and mumbled to his wife, Think you'd like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?
Calibree smiled in a washed-out manner, and sighed, Oh no, I don't believe I care to much, but you folks go ahead and try it.
Calibree stated to Kennicott, No, I don't believe we care to a whole lot, but you folks go ahead and try it.
Californians trying to share the experience.
Call Alice When she's ten feet tall.
Call now to receive my free pamphlet, The Wonder and Mystery of the Exclamation Point!
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
Call them up shortly before your visit and tell them that you have gotten quite serious about somebody who is of a different religion, a different race and the same sex.
Call toll free before digging.
Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people!
Calm down, it's only ones and zeroes, Calm down, it's only bits and bytes, Calm down, and speak to me in English, Please realize that I'm not one of your computerites.
Came waffling with the truth too good, Chip Black!
Came whuffling through the tulgey wood One!
Cameo by Walter Cronkite, as every man's common 'tater!
Campaigns to bearproof all garbage containers in wild areas have been difficult, because as one biologist put it, There is a considerable overlap between the intelligence levels of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists.
Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two points.
Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished?
Can print nothing out but foo, And the system is going to crash.
Can you MAIL a BEAN CAKE?
Can you buy friendship?
Can you fix it at your end?
Can you hear him singing?
Can you hear me singing?
Can you imagine how life could be improved if we could do away with jealousy, greed, hate.
Can you imagine that?
Can you imagine the enormous number of people in the world named Mohammad Chang?
Can you imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
Can you name the seven dwarfs from Snow White?
Can you name the seven seas?
Can you not take amusement from its endless gyrations?
Can you please tell me where we are?
Can you see your neck?
Can't do it, he explained, sheepishly.
Can't hear no whistles or bells, How do you think he does it?
Can't prove anything!
Can't see no message flashing, I don't know.
Can't tell false from true.
Can't you be serious for once?
Can't you just gesture hypnotically and make him disappear?
Canada Post doesn't really charge 32 cents for a stamp.
Candy Is dandy But liquor Is quicker.
Cannot quite expect that.
Canon sleeps, his all-knowing eye shaded to human chance and circumstance.
Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win.
Captain's Log, star date 21:34.
Captain, a starship also runs on loyalty to one man.
Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame.
Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you, Carefree Highway, you seen better days, The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes, Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you.
Careful: the streets are sprung with pits and nets and traps.
Carefully cut out your computer-printed name and address from upper right hand corner of the Prize Claim Form.
Carefully guess the weight of the rocks.
Carefully planned projects take four times longer to complete than expected, mostly because the planners expect their planning to reduce the time it takes.
Cargo beep beep and run over ether bunny.
Caring for each other, being happy with each other, being good to each other.
Carl Sagan, The Burden Of Skepticism, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol.
Carl Sagan, The Burden of Skepticism, Skeptical Enquirer, Vol.
Carmel, New York, has an ordinance forbidding men to wear coats and trousers that don't match.
Carob is not an acceptable substitute for chocolate.
Carob works on the principle that, when mixed with the right combination of fats and sugar, it can duplicate chocolate in color and texture.
Carol's head ached as she trailed behind the unsmiling Calibrees along the block of booths.
Carpenters are just plane folks.
Carried away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and steal one of these birds.
Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.
Carrol Was over a barrel When Tarantula took to the hills.
Carry helium balloons if possible.
Cassandra did not get half the kicking around she deserved.
Castenada was a bit of a bozo.
Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
Catch you next year when I get back!
Catching his children with their hands in the new, still wet, patio, the father spanked them.
Catching on to this principle of education may be of even greater importance to you now than learning correct current table manners, vital as Miss Manners believes that is.
Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Catharsis is something I associate with pornography and crossword puzzles.
Catholic girls start much too late, Ah, but sooner or later, it comes down to fate, I might as well be the one.
Catholic odor - incense, wax, centuries of mild bleating from the lips of the flock.
Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
Cats are smarter than dogs.
Cats take a message and get back to you.
Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.
Catsup and Mustard all over the place!
Cause I'm a night owl honey, sleep all day long.
Cause I'm moving next week to L4!
Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.
Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.
Cause this one knows the bottom line, couldn't get a date.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much good it did them.
Cecil, you're my final hope Of finding out the true Straight Dope For I have been reading of Schrodinger's cat But none of my cats are at all like that.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.
Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center of the universe.
Celibacy is not hereditary.
Census Taker to Housewife: Did you ever have the measles, and, if so, how many?
Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.
Certain old men prefer to rise at dawn, taking a cold bath and a long walk with an empty stomach and otherwise mortifying the flesh.
Certain passages in several laws have always defied interpretation and the most inexplicable must be a matter of opinion.
Certainly not, he said.
Certainly the game is rigged.
Certainly will, retorted the stonecutter.
Certainly you get it as an anthitetical process, so you have to have an environment where the body of people are really amenable to change and can deal with the conflicts that arise out of change an innovation.
Certainly, it is good to compound employments of both.
Certainly, replied the master, I will have it transported to the data center immediately!
Certainly, say the snakes.
Certainly, she replied.
Certainty is just an emotion.
Cestria sends, tenacious paste of solid milk.
Chairman of the Bored.
Chalmers, had fewer colds than the group on ascorbic acid who thought they were on placebo.
Chance is perhaps the work of God when He did not want to sign.
Change is the essential process of all existence.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Chaos is King and Magic is loose in the world.
Chaos treated them very handsomely and they discussed together what they could do to repay his kindness.
Chapter VIII Due to the convergence of forces beyond his comprehension, Salvatore Quanucci was suddenly squirted out of the universe like a watermelon seed, and never heard from again.
Character is what you are in the dark!
Charity begins at home.
Charlie Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.
Charlie was a chemist, But Charlie is no more.
Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.
Check me if I'm wrong, Sandy, but if I kill all the golfers.
Check your closet in the morning.
Check your watch to see if bars are open yet.
Chemist who falls in acid is absorbed in work.
Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.
Chemistry is applied theology.
Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.
Chemists think they're physical chemists.
Cheshire-Puss, she began, would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?
Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her pen.
Chicago laughed at this letter and broke the chain.
Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Chicken Little was right.
Chickens are OK but we can't make them work together yet.
Chihuahuas drive me crazy.
Children are like cats, they can tell when you don't like them.
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
Children are rarely still, while elderly philosophers will sometimes remain rigid for minutes altogether.
Children are unpredictable.
Children aren't happy without something to ignore, And that's what parents were created for.
Children begin by loving their parents.
Children need an updated message with contemporary circumstance and plot line, and short enough to suit today's minute attention span.
Children seldom misquote you.
Children should be seen and not heard.
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
Chine quickly divided a nearby apple in two and deftly stored the list in its center.
Chinese couldn't care less.
Chinese for more food than you've ever seen in your entire life.
Chinese saying: He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks.
Chinese wife, and eat Japanese food.
Chivalry, Schmivalry!
Choose in marriage only a woman whom you would choose as a friend if she were a man.
Christa Keil in a German posting: Mounting is used for three things: climbing on a horse, linking in a hard disk unit in data systems, and, well, mounting during sex.
Christianity from within.
Christmas Club, and payroll savings plan contributions.
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing I Gotta Be Me around the upright piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
Churchill apologized profusely.
Churchill wrote back, returning the two tickets and excused himself as he had a previous engagement.
Churchill, replied the hostess, in this country we ask for white meat or dark meat.
Cincinnatti was beating us 3-1, and I led off the bottom of the eighth with a walk.
Cinnamon Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.
Circum- stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Circumstances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
Cities contain streets, which are dangerous and crowded and difficult to park in.
Civilization advances by extending the numbers of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them.
Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition to crave knowledge.
Civilization ends at the waterline.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening.
Claims that it allows you to drink several DOS Beers simultaneously, but in reality you can only drink a few of them, very slowly, especially slowly if you are drinking the Windows Beer at the same time.
Claret is the liquor for boys; port for men; but he who aspires to be a hero.
Class, that's the only thing that counts in life.
Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're leading the parade.
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Clean up your own mess.
Clean-favored, and imperially slim.
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
Clear are thy eyes and bright thy breath!
Clear the laundromat!
Clearly the best thing you can do for you children is to start speaking Yiddish right now and never speak another word of English as long as you live.
Clemclone, back to the shadows again.
Clever of you to think of it!
Cliff: He's got a life, you know.
Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain.
Climbing onto a bar stool, a piece of string asked for a beer.
Climbing to new depths.
Clinging, I shall die of boredom.
Clint Eastwood agreed to a television interview.
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
Clothes make the man.
Cloud-shaped drawings frequently help here.
Coax University in Palo Alto, proved conclusively that the mammalian brain is hardwired to interpret a set of thirty seven genetically transmitted cooperating TECO macros.
Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
Coding is easy; All you do is sit staring at a terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.
Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong.
Cogito ergo vendo; vendo ergo sum.
Coincidences are spiritual puns.
Cold be hand and heart and bone, and cold be sleep under stone; never more to wake on stony bed, never, till the Sun fails and the Moon is dead.
Cold comfort for change?
Cold hands, no gloves.
Cold-hearted orb that rules the night; Removes the colors from our sight.
Collect the whole set.
College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if the trustees played.
College: The fountains of knowledge, where everyone goes to drink.
Colleges may be to blame.
Colonel Gray, of Petaluma, came near losing his life a few days ago, in a singular manner.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Combine water, sugar and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.
Come I to make this gig at Caesar's laying down.
Come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou!
Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring Your winter garment of repentence fling.
Come inside, the show's about to start, Guaranteed to blow your head apart.
Come live with me and be my love, And we will some new pleasures prove Of golden sands and crystal brooks With silken lines, and silver hooks.
Come live with me, and be my love, And we will some new pleasures prove Of golden sands, and crystal brooks, With silken lines, and silver hooks.
Come never here again!
Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible!
Come on over here, baby, I want to do a thing with you.
Come on, Marta, grow up.
Come on, Virginia, don't make me wait!
Come on, boy, do your stuff.
Come over to the dark side, you hoser.
Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
Come to my arms, my perth amboy!
Come to my woman's breasts, And take my milk for gall, you murdering ministers, Wherever in your sightless substances You wait on nature's mischief!
Come up with three rules of your own.
Come with me and I'll show you.
Come, Tom Bombadil, for our need is near us!
Come, every frustum longs to be a cone, And every vector dreams of matrices.
Come, let's mix where Rockefeller's walk with sticks, Or umberellas, in their mitts, Puttin' on the Ritz.
Come, muse, let us sing of rats!
Come, muse, let us sing of rats.
Come, you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here, And fill me, from the crown to the toe, top-full Of direst cruelty!
Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.
Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.
Coming as it did, reasonably close on the heels of two revolver shots directed at the person of whom it was probably used, we think it carries every reasonable implication of ill-will toward that person.
Command Line User Environment.
Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH and RIPPLE.
Commentary: His Master is kind, Answering his FAQ quickly, With thought and sarcasm.
Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to be appointed to do the work.
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds.
Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world.
Company's coming, she guessed.
Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule.
Comparing software engineering to classical engineering assumes that software has the ability to wear out.
Compensation for all the time I spend in the shower not eating.
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.
Competitive fury is not always anger.
Compiles and simulations grew so quickly tame And swapped out all their data space when Puff pushed his stack frame.
Complex nonsolutions to simple nonproblems.
Comply with above instructions carefully and completely or you may be disqualified from receiving your prize.
Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
Computer literacy is a contact with the activity of computing deep enough to make the computational equivalent of reading and writing fluent and enjoyable.
Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.
Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.
Computer translation of The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
Computers are not intelligent.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Computers are useless.
Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up.
Computers don't actually think.
Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them.
Computers simulate determinism; only the Tao is perfect.
Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more than the estimate the job will cost.
Computerspeak for information.
Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermount noted in January, 1966, I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.
Condense soup, not books!
Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven; confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.
Confessions may be good for the soul, but they are bad for the reputation.
Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you fall flat on your face.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.
Confound these ancestors.
Confound those who have said our remarks before us.
Confucius say too much.
Confusion will be my epitaph as I walk a cracked and broken path If we make it we can all sit back and laugh but I fear that tomorrow we'll be crying.
Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid.
Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime.
Connellan, president of The Management Group, Inc.
Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.
Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you wish you weren't.
Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich.
Consequently, any young woman of aspiration should expect to spend most of her vacations in a car, probing into unfamiliar corners.
Consequently, crest is greased down, except for the cowlick.
Consequently, my family pride is something inconceivable.
Consider a spherical bear, in simple harmonic motion.
Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Consider well the proportions of things.
Consideration for those less fortunate than you is always proper, although it would be more convincing if you stopped babbling about how attractive she is.
Considered by many to be a light beer.
Consistency is always easier to defend than correctness.
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago.
Conspicuously miserable.
Constructive Snottiness.
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then give it back to them.
Consume a fifth of CHIVAS REGAL, ski NUDE down MT.
Contemptuous lights flashed flashed across the computer's console.
Contents may settle during shipment.
Continental breakfast, n.
Continue to let things deteriorate at home.
Contrariwise, continued Tweedledee, if it was so, it might be, and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.
Contrary to popular belief, penguins are not the salvation of modern technology.
Contributed by Frans van der Zande.
Control and meta, side by side, Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Convention is the ruler of all.
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
Conversely, all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice and they remain permanent influences on your life.
Conversely, trivialities must be attended to with the greatest of care.
Conversion, fastidious Goddess, loves blood better than brick, and feasts most subtly on the human will.
Cooke, I don't want to invade your privacy, but I have a bet with a friend of mine.
Cooper, and where is he now?
Cops never say good-bye.
Corinth was a commercial city, interested in purely materialistic things.
Corn stalks comedy, comedy stalks tragedy, and this too is historic.
Cornbread are square.
Coroner's verdict: Death from excessive spunk.
Corporate Headquarters has commanded, continued the magician, that everyone use this workstation as a platform for new programs.
Corporate food stamps.
Correct speling is essential.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Correctness Verification Aid packages.
Correctness is my vade mecum, And straggling phrases I abhor, And yet I wondered, What should he come Up from out of under for?
Corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the Boss is reading it.
Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin.
Could Dick Butcher have been an efficiency expert?
Could I have a drug overdose?
Could I have asked her to get under my umbrella without seeming insulting?
Could be you're crossing the fine line A silly driver kind of.
Could fetch it from the furnace deep And in thy horrid ribs dare steep In the well of sanguine woe?
Could twist the sinews of they heart?
Could you see him from where you were standing?
Couldn't be any worse than some of the relationships I've had.
Couldn't figure out a way to connect the snow blower.
Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell at people to save their core images before logging them out?
Count Basie's Jewish.
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Course you haven't, you fruit-loop little geek.
Courtship to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
Cousins are not to be trusted.
Cover with top crust.
Cows are available fully-assembled in an assortment of sizes and colors.
Craig Schlenter in response to Linus Torvalds's mailing about a kernel bug.
Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!
Creation science has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.
Creationists actually got equal time with evolutionists.
Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for peculiarity breeds contempt.
Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.
Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.
Creativity is not always bred in an environment of tranquility; sometimes you have to squeeze a little to get the paste out of the tube.
Credit will be given to candidates who self-actualise.
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
Critics of this beer claim that it is only meant for watching TV anyway.
Crossing over a stream, one of the boys dropped his wallet into the water.
Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin, Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again.
Crying doesn't help either.
Cu mi povas havi via telelonnumeron?
Cu necesas ke vi eliras?
Cu tiu loko estas okupita?
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
Cure the disease and kill the patient.
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.
Curiously enough, the dolphins had long known of the impending destruction of the of the planet Earth and had made many attempts to alert mankind to the danger; but most of their communications were misinterpreted.
Custer committed Siouxicide.
Cut down some trees and let us live there, say the snakes.
Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
Cut into squares and enjoy!
Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
Cut slits in top crust to let steam escape.
Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about.
Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity.
D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from one graveyard to another.
DEC called the data Stack, and the instructions they called Code.
DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
DOGO commands include SIT, STAY, HEEL, and ROLL OVER.
DOS Air: All the passengers go out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it until it gets in the air, hop on, jump off when it hits the ground again.
DOS Beer: Requires you to use your own can opener, and requires you to read the directions carefully before opening the can.
Dad, she buys everything I've bought, and it's taken all the fun out of it for me.
Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.
Dammit Jim, I'm an actor, not a doctor.
Danger, you haven't seen the last of me!
Dare he laugh his work to see?
Dare he who made the lamb make thee?
Dare its deadly terrors clasp?
Darkness becomes you.
Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet.
Darling, only the good die young!
Darling: the popular form of address used in speaking to a member of the opposite sex whose name you cannot at the moment remember.
Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.
Das machine is nicht fur gefingerpoken und mittengrabben.
Das rubbernecken sightseeren keepen hands in das pockets.
Data is a lot like humans: It is born.
Davenport, came to his feet.
David Brinkley: The daily astrological charts are precisely where, in my judgment, they belong, and that is on the comic page.
David Lean, 1969, 3 hours 30 min.
Dawn came too soon, she mourned.
Days and nights they battled, the Bantu to their knees, They killed to earn their living, and to help out the Congolese.
DePree also expects a tremendous social change in all workplaces.
DePree believes participative capitalism is the wave of the future.
DePree tells the story of how designer George Nelson urged that the company also take on Charles Eames in the late 1940s.
Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant.
Dear Emily, what about test messages?
Dear Lord: Please make my words sweet and tender, for tomorrow I may have to eat them.
Dear Miss Manners: I carry a big black umbrella, even if there's just a thirty percent chance of rain.
Dear Miss Manners: Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.
Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, Part of this complete breakfast.
Dear Mister Language Person: What is the purpose of the apostrophe?
Death and life are in the power of the tongue.
Death becomes a familiar pattern.
Death before dishonor.
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Death is only a state of mind.
Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!
Death to all fanatics!
Death, and more death.
Death, when unnecessary, is a tragic thing.
Debug is human, de-fix divine.
Debugging had to be discovered.
Decaffeinated coffee?
Decision of judges is final.
Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really over- whelming majority of the crowd present.
Decreased business base increases overhead.
Deduct 14,800,000, the number in the state and city offices, leaving 200,000 to do the work.
Deep Thought with unconcealed contempt.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat.
Definitely not for the squeamish, or those on diets that are driving them crazy.
Definitely, Lord Copper.
Deflector shields just came on, Captain.
Delay is preferable to error.
Deliberate provocation of mystical experience, particularly by LSD and related hallucinogens, in contrast to spontaneous visionary experiences, entails dangers that must not be underestimated.
Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.
Delusions are often functional.
Demand the establishment of the government in its rightful home at Disneyland.
Democracy becomes a government of bullies, tempered by editors.
Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than we deserve.
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Democracy is a government where you can say what you think even if you don't think.
Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who will get the blame.
Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time.
Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time.
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people.
Democracy will not be salvaged by men who talk fluently, debate forcefully and quote aptly.
Democratic movements for local restraint can only restrain the world's democracies, not the world as a whole.
Demographic polls show that you have lost credibility across the board.
Dennis Ritchie is twice as bright as Steve Jobs, and only half wrong.
Dental health is next to mental health.
Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.
Department chairmen never die, they just lose their faculties.
Depend on the rabbit's foot if you will, but remember, it didn't help the rabbit.
Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before.
Depression is when you lose your job.
Deprive a mirror of its silver and even the Czar won't see his face.
Describe the history of the papacy from its origins to the present day, concentrating especially, but not exclusively, on its social, political, economic, religious and philisophical impact upon Europe, Asia, America, and Africa.
Design by counterexample.
Desist from enumerating your fowl prior to their emergence from the shell.
Desperately he pounded on the door.
Despite all appearances, your boss is a thinking, feeling, human being.
Despite insistent rumors about blatant commercialization, the SAG will probably remain free.
Despite its suffix, skepticism is not an ism in the sense of a belief or dogma.
Despite of this, Linus Torvalds, author of the word processor Linux with which the SAG was written, is not worried.
Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way.
Destroy, before the FBI sees it.
Determined by unanimous unvote.
Detroit is Cleveland without the glitter.
Developed at the Massachusetts Institute of Obedience Training, DOGO DOGO heralds a new era of computer-literate pets.
Dial soap, and a towel from the Holiday Inn.
Did I mention that the driver was five feet three, thin, and basically meek?
Did I miss something?
Did I say I was a sardine?
Did he pick the dog up by the ears?
Did it ever occur to you that fat chance and slim chance mean the same thing?
Did mahwah into patterson: All jersey were the ocean groves, And the red bank bayonne.
Did something bad happen or am I in a drive-in movie?
Did you carry it yourself or did you cry?
Did you ever see a doctor?
Did you ever stay all night with this man in Chicago?
Did you ever stay all night with this man in Miami?
Did you ever stay all night with this man in New York?
Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in?
Did you hear about the model who sat on a broken bottle and cut a nice figure?
Did you hear that Captain Crunch, Sugar Bear, Tony the Tiger, and Snap, Crackle and Pop were all murdered recently.
Did you hear that there's a group of South American Indians that worship the number zero?
Did you hear that two rabbits escaped from the zoo and so far they have only recaptured 116 of them?
Did you know about the -o option of the fortune program?
Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
Did you know that if you took all the economists in the world and lined them up end to end, they'd still point in the wrong direction?
Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot that shot down the Korean jet?
Did you know the University of Iowa closed down after someone stole the book?
Did you know they've named a drink after you?
Did you move a lot of KOREAN STEAK KNIVES this trip, Dingy?
Did you notice how your friend twitched violently and cried out in pain?
Did you see me walk into your shop?
Did you tell your lawyer that your husband had offered you indignities?
Did your parents lose a bet with God?
Didja' ever have to make up your mind, Pick up on one and leave the other behind, It's not often easy, and it's not often kind, Didja' ever have to make up your mind?
Didn't I buy a 1951 Packard from you last March in Cairo?
Didn't get it done on time.
Didn't understand the question.
Dieters live life in the fasting lane.
Differences are crucial.
Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.
Different color from previous model.
Different colors from previous version.
Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
Digital computers are themselves more complex than most things people build: They hyave very large numbers of states.
Dignity is like a flag.
Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term, convertible only through the use of weird and unnatural conversion factors.
Dingell, also of Michigan.
Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
Dinosaurs aren't extinct.
Diogenes went to look for an honest lawyer.
Dionysian stirrings arise, which in their intensification lead the individual to forget himself completely.
Dip the sugar several times in the liquid until it is all dissolved.
Diplomacy is about surviving until the next century.
Diplomacy is the art of letting the other party have things your way.
Diplomacy is the art of saying nice doggie until you can find a rock.
Diplomacy is the art of saying nice doggy until you can find a rock.
Diplomacy is to do and say, the nastiest thing in the nicest way.
Diplomats tell lies to journalists, and they believe what they read.
Dir mohmen Rath ausgraben.
Directed by Steven Spielberg.
Discard it, shrug off doubt, and choose more docile words to take its part.
Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather than blinkers it.
Disclaimer: These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be yours too.
Disclose classified information only when a NEED TO KNOW exists.
Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
Disco oil bussing will create a throbbing naugahide pipeline running straight to the tropics from the rug producing regions and devalue the dollar!
Discovered by pure accident.
Discuss the generality of this law, and possible reasons for its predictive power.
Disease can be cured; fate is incurable.
Dishonor will not trouble me, once I am dead.
Disillusioned words like bullets bark, As human gods aim for their mark, Make everything from toy guns that spark To flesh-colored christs that glow in the dark.
Disk crisis, please clean up!
Disk drives go 'round and 'round.
Disk usage in or above the eighth percentile will secure the removal of all restrictions and you will immediately receive your permanent disk space.
Disk usage in the sixth or seventh percentile will not effect the validity of your temporary disk space, though its expiration date may be extended for a period of up to three months.
Disks travel in packs.
Disobedience: The silver lining to the cloud of servitude.
Displacements along direction of force getting you down?
Disraeli replied, That all depends, Sir, upon whether I embrace your principles or your mistress.
Disraeli was pretty close: actually, there are Lies, Damn lies, Statistics, Benchmarks, and Delivery dates.
Disregard personal feelings about city and intercept.
Dissatisfaction guaranteed.
Dist it out, wouldja?
Distance doesn't make you any smaller, but it does make you part of a larger picture.
Distinction for the Uninvolved.
District of Columbia pedestrians who leap over passing autos to escape injury, and then strike the car as they come down, are liable for any damage inflicted on the vehicle.
Distrust all those who love you extremely upon a very slight acquaintance and without any visible reason.
Divide Dot-Product by the magnitude of the vectors and it becomes an instant angle calculator!
Divorce is a game played by lawyers.
Diyathinkhesaurus Rex.
Do I have a lifestyle yet?
Do Native Women Live With Apes?
Do YOU have redeeming social value?
Do as I say, not as I do.
Do clones have navels?
Do it now before you forget.
Do joggers take laps around you for exercise?
Do me a favour and don't tell me about it.
Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.
Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
Do not count your chickens before they are hatched.
Do not despair of life.
Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you.
Do not drink coffee in early A.
Do not handicap your children by making their lives easy.
Do not lose your knowledge that man's proper estate is an upright posture, an intransigent mind, and a step that travels unlimited roads.
Do not meddle in the affairs of troff, for it is subtle and quick to anger.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for they become soggy and hard to light.
Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, for you are crunchy and good with ketchup.
Do not overtax your powers.
Do not permit a woman to ask forgiveness, for that is only the first step.
Do not put statements in the negative form.
Do not read this fortune under penalty of law.
Do not scrawl situationalist graffiti in the margins or stub your rollups in the inkwells.
Do not seek death; death will find you.
Do not simplify the design of a program if a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
Do not suture until your work has been inspected.
Do not take life too seriously; you will never get out of it alive.
Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
Do not throw cigarette butts in the urinal, for they are subtle and quick to anger.
Do not underestimate the power of the Force.
Do not underestimate the value of print statements for debugging.
Do not use that foreign word ideals.
Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.
Do not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy equipment.
Do not worry about which side your bread is buttered on: you eat BOTH sides.
Do not write below this line.
Do people know you have freckles everywhere?
Do something that should have been done a long time ago.
Do something unusual today.
Do students of Zen Buddhism do Om-work?
Do the same when summarizing a vote.
Do these facts never fill you with shame?
Do they like to shake their tails?
Do unto others before they undo you.
Do we, like some people, need letters of introduction to you, or from you?
Do what comes naturally.
Do what thou wilt shall be the whole of the Law.
Do what you can to prolong your life, in the hope that someday you'll learn what it's for.
Do you agree to this?
Do you believe in computer dating?
Do you believe in intuition?
Do you believe in one God?
Do you come here often?
Do you drink when you're on duty?
Do you ever walk around?
Do you feel personally responsible for the world food shortage?
Do you guys know we just passed thru a BLACK HOLE in space?
Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?
Do you have a car or a job?
Do you have exactly what I want in a plaid poindexter bar bat?
Do you have lysdexia?
Do you know about being with somebody?
Do you know how far pregnant you are right now?
Do you know how that feels?
Do you know the difference between a yankee and a damyankee?
Do you know the difference between education and experience?
Do you know what the death rate around here is?
Do you know where Henry Kissinger is?
Do you know where it might be?
Do you mean by them that has to live in this dad-blamed, moth-eaten, dust-covered, one-hoss dump, or by them that's merely enjoying its quaint and picturesque rustic charms for a short spell?
Do you mean that you not only want a wrong answer, but a certain wrong answer?
Do you not enjoy the untroubled ease of programming beneath its sheltering branches?
Do you notice any difference between the size of the tub and the size of that spindly wad of petals in your hand?
Do you put pennies in the slots in your penny loafers?
Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?
Do you realize how much money you lost me?
Do you realize what you're asking?
Do you really have to be going?
Do you really think this is quite fair?
Do you see any ELVES or EDSELS.
Do you see this bathtub?
Do you see what I mean?
Do you smell something burning or is it me?
Do you sometimes find yourself unsure as to what to say in those awkward situations?
Do you speak English?
Do you suffer painful elimination?
Do you suffer painful hallucination?
Do you suffer painful illumination?
Do you suffer painful recrimination?
Do you suppose you could try and tell me?
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
Do you think Mary Jane is somebody's name?
Do you think girls who kiss on the first date are loose?
Do you think pizza before noon is unhealthy?
Do you think she wants us to follow her?
Do you think that fair criticism?
Do you think that illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he just whipped out a quarter?
Do you think the Monkees should get gas on odd or even days?
Do you think there's a God?
Do you think what we're doing is wrong?
Do you think you can tell?
Do you think your mother and I should have lived comfortably so long together if ever we had been married?
Do you think, at your age, it is right?
Do you understand this?
Do you use the greasy kid's stuff to stick down your cowlick?
Do you want the instant respect that comes from being able to use technical terms that nobody understands?
Do you want to strike fear and loathing into the hearts of DP managers everywhere?
Do you, my poppet, feel infirm?
Do your otters do the shimmy?
Do your wombats sleep in tophats?
Do, or do not; there is no try.
Doc, Dopey, Sneezy, Happy, Grumpy, Sleepy and Bashful.
Doctor, did you say he was shot in the woods?
Doctor, how many autopsies have you performed on dead people?
Doctors and lawyers must go to school for years and years, often with little sleep and with great sacrifice to their first wives.
Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
Documentation is the castor oil of programming.
Does Ramsey Duncan live here?
Does a good farmer neglect a crop he has planted?
Does a good father allow a single child to starve?
Does a good programmer refuse to maintain his code?
Does a good teacher overlook even the most humble student?
Does a one-legged duck swim in a circle?
Does allow you to drink several DOS Beers simultaneously.
Does he or doesn't he?
Does it appear to be unqualifiedly ratty, raffish, sordid, obscene and low down, and its salient virtuosi a gang of umitigated scoundrels?
Does it bother anyone else that half the world is being told all of our hard-won secrets of computer technology?
Does it dry up Like a raisin in the sun?
Does it know its place?
Does it make you happy to know you're sending me to an early grave?
Does it stink like rotten meat?
Does not run on any existing machine.
Does that mean you consented?
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
Does your bow-tie flash hey you kid in red neon at parties?
Doesn't he look peaceful?
Dogs just don't seem to be able to tell the difference between important people and the rest of us.
Doing the New York Times crossword puzzle with a pen.
Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
Don't Worry, Be Happy.
Don't Write On Walls!
Don't abandon hope: your Tom Mix decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Don't aim to be an earthly saint How nice, 'twould be, gee whiz!
Don't answer the driver.
Don't be concerned, it will not harm you, It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of, Across my dreams, with neptive wonder, I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.
Don't be irreplaceable, if you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
Don't be misled by facts.
Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
Don't be silly, George, replied the dog.
Don't be silly, said the fly, they're dancing.
Don't be so impatient, he said, I'll put the financial stuff in eventually.
Don't believe a thing he tells you.
Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
Don't bother asking for explanations, she'll just tell you that she came In the Year of the Cat.
Don't break the chain!
Don't build things that do.
Don't buy any lavishes for a while.
Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
Don't come back until you have him, the Tick-Tock Man said quietly, sincerely, extremely dangerously.
Don't come looking for me to lend you a hand.
Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.
Don't confuse things that need action with those that take care of themselves.
Don't create a problem for which you do not have the answer.
Don't cut off a police car when making an illegal U-turn.
Don't despair; your ideal lover is waiting for you around the corner.
Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
Don't discount flying pigs before you have good air defense.
Don't drop acid, take it pass-fail!
Don't ever count on having both at once.
Don't ever do this to my eyes again.
Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.
Don't everyone thank me at once!
Don't feed the bats tonight.
Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
Don't feel you must finish everything on your plate.
Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
Don't force it; get a larger hammer.
Don't get even, get jewelry.
Don't get frustrated without it.
Don't get mad, get even.
Don't get mad, get interest.
Don't get to bragging.
Don't give yourself airs!
Don't go 'round tonight, It's bound to take your life.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living.
Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
Don't go to bed with no price on your head.
Don't go to sleep under big animals, e.
Don't hang all your clothes in the closet.
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful.
Don't have aesthetic convulsions when using them, either.
Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.
Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
Don't interfere with the stranger's style.
Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
Don't know what time I'll be back, Mom.
Don't know, replied the farmer.
Don't leave nothin' for the dinks.
Don't let go of what you've got hold of, until you have hold of something else.
Don't let nobody tell you what you cannot do; don't let nobody tell you what's impossible for you; don't let nobody tell you what you got to do, or you'll never know.
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Don't let that stop you; if you don't bet, you can't win.
Don't let this happen.
Don't let those bullies push you around.
Don't let your status become too quo!
Don't look back, something might be gaining on you.
Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
Don't lose Your head To gain a minute You need your head Your brains are in it.
Don't lose what you've got.
Don't make a big deal out of everything; just deal with everything.
Don't make me angry with the things games that you play, Either light up or leave me alone.
Don't make no difference what nobody says, Ain't nobody likes to be alone.
Don't marry for money; you can borrow it cheaper.
Don't mind him; politicians always sound like that.
Don't mix your gin with whiskey And stood that way for years.
Don't overuse exclamation marks!
Don't plan any hasty moves.
Don't play George Bush and Saddam Hussein.
Don't put off for tomorrow what you can do today because if you enjoy it today, you can do it again tomorrow.
Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
Don't quit now, we might just as well lock the door and throw away the key.
Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
Don't read everything you believe.
Don't remember what you can infer.
Don't say yes until I finish talking.
Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.
Don't shout for help at night.
Don't smoke the next cigarette.
Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?
Don't speak about Time, until you have spoken to him.
Don't speak to the bus driver.
Don't steal; thou'lt never thus compete successfully in business.
Don't stop to stomp ants when the elephants are stampeding.
Don't string too many prepositional phrases together unless you are walking through the valley of the shadow of death.
Don't take a chance, because you might end up starving to death.
Don't take life seriously, you'll never get out alive.
Don't take life so serious, son, it ain't nohow permanent.
Don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive.
Don't talk to me about disclaimers!
Don't talk to me about life.
Don't talk to me about naval tradition.
Don't tell any big lies today.
Don't tell me how hard you work.
Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good.
Don't tell me what you dreamed last night for I've been reading Freud.
Don't that really mean, Adjacent to this complete breakfast, or On the same table as this complete breakfast?
Don't think I need anything at all!
Don't think I need anything at all.
Don't think; let the machine do it for you!
Don't try it 'til you've knocked it.
Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes.
Don't try to think as well.
Don't unplug it, it will just take a moment to fix.
Don't use a subject like My sex is female but I demand to be addressed as male.
Don't use commas, which aren't necessary.
Don't use contractions in formal writing.
Don't use no double negatives.
Don't wait for the movie.
Don't walk too close to metal objects which are not fastened down.
Don't wanna hurt no kangaroos.
Don't waste your time waving your hands and hoping when a rock or a club will do.
Don't worry about how your articles look.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today.
Don't worry about this unless you use multiprocessing.
Don't worry if it doesn't work right.
Don't worry if you're a kleptomaniac; you can always take something for it.
Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you.
Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
Don't worry, Harry, they'll find us!
Don't worry, I can handle it.
Don't worry, it's not loaded.
Don't write run-on sentences when they are hard to read.
Don't you even have any artificial intelligence?
Don't you ever get bitten by the snakes?
Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
Don't you have any sense at all?
Don't you know any better?
Don't you know that the loon is on the endagered species list?
Don't you think that you should save your breath?
Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely want to help you could agree with each other?
Don't you wish you had more energy.
Don't, son, remember, 'Imitation is the sincerest form of philately.
Dorothy: But how can you talk without a brain?
Dot-Product really works!
Double Bucky left and right OR'd together, outta sight!
Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of, Double Bucky, I'm happy I heard of, Double Bucky, I'd like a whole word of you!
Double Bucky, a half a thousand glyphs, plus a few!
Double and float cast to each other.
Doubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his twin brother.
Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.
Doubt isn't the opposite of faith; it is an element of faith.
Dover, oh Dover, arisen from dead.
Dover, oh Dover, awoken from bed.
Dover, oh Dover, welcome back to the Lab.
Down along under Hill, shining in the sunlight, Waiting on the doorstep for the cold starlight, There my pretty lady is, River-woman's daughter, Slender as the willow-wand, clearer than the water.
Down to the Banana Republics, Down to the tropical sun.
Down west sinks the Sun; soon you will be groping.
Down with categorical imperative!
Drag them down to your level.
Dragon is on the wing in the Sky.
Drawing a deep breath, he hurled himself off into the air and began flapping his arms furiously.
Drawing a few deep even breaths, he entered a mental state practiced only by Masters of the Universal Way of Zen.
Drawing on my fine command of language, I said nothing.
Dreams are free, but there's a small charge for alterations.
Dreams are free, but you get soaked on the connect time.
Drew referred to the cellular telephone as a basic necessity.
Drilling for oil is boring.
Drink Scotch whisky all night long, And die behind the wheel.
Drink and dance and laugh and lie Love, the reeling midnight through For tomorrow we shall die!
Drink and the devil had done for the rest, Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
Drink as many as needed to perfect drinking technique.
Drink good Scotch for a change.
Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies.
Drinkers of Unix Beer display fierce brand loyalty, even though they claim that all the different brands taste almost identical.
Drinking coffee for instant relaxation?
Drinking is not a spectator sport.
Drinking makes such fools of people, and people are such fools to begin with, that it's compounding a felony.
Driver does not carry cash.
Driving his reindeer across the sky, Don't stand underneath when they fly by!
Drop in the tooth of an Algolian Suntiger.
Drop the vase and it will become a Ming of the past.
Drugs, it has been revealed, are responsible for rampant absenteeism, reduced output, and poor quality work.
Drunks are rarely amusing unless they know some good songs and lose a lot a poker.
Duct tape is like the force.
Due north of the center we find the South End.
Due to a recent systems overload error your recent disk files have been erased.
Due to a shortage of devoted followers, the production of great leaders has been discontinued.
Due to circumstances beyond your control, you are master of your fate and captain of your soul.
Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been discontinued.
Due to repairs, we're giving you advance notice that your service will be cut off indefinitely at ten o'clock.
Dull women have immaculate homes.
Dumb looks are still free.
Dump him on the front porch.
Dungeons and Dragons is just a lot of Saxon Violence.
During a fight, a husband threw a bowl of Jello at his wife.
During a visit to America, Winston Churchill was invited to a buffet luncheon at which cold fried chicken was served.
During an impassioned House debate over a proposed bill to expand oyster and clam research, a sharp-eared informant transcribed the following exchange between our hero and Rep.
During that time we regret that you will be unbearable.
During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm.
During the battle, User spies managed to steal secret source code to the Empire's ultimate program: the Are-Em Star, a privileged root program with enough power to destroy an entire file structure.
During the voyage of life, remember to keep an eye out for a fair wind; batten down during a storm; hail all passing ships; and fly your colors proudly.
During the weeks leading up to the escape in July 1978 the prison warders had noticed that attendances had fallen at film shows which included The Great Escape, and also that 220 knives and a huge quantity of electric cable had disappeared.
Dying is a very dull, dreary affair.
Dying is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down.
Dynamically binding, you realize the magic.
Dyslexia means never having to say that you're ysror.
Dyslexics have more fnu.
E is for emacs, which rebinds your keys, and F is for fsck, which rebuilds your trees.
EARL GREY NEVER VARIES.
EARN-Poland link, should it ever come about, a genuine link - not a vacuum cleaner attachment for a Bloc information gathering apparatus rationed to trusted apparatchiks.
EXCEPT the sugar cubes.
Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and resisting the current what each had learned from birth.
Each cult holds in contempt the rituals and the laws of the other.
Each day I scan each Subject line In hopes the topic will be mine; I shot a query into the net.
Each day fill lamps, clean chimneys, and trim wicks.
Each item and every farthing has been accounted for, with two regrettable exceptions for which I beg your indulgence.
Each kiss is as the first.
Each language expresses the Yin and Yang of software.
Each language has its place within the Tao.
Each language has its purpose, however humble.
Each man is his own prisoner, in solitary confinement for life.
Each mouse comes equipped with four legs and a tail.
Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
Each of these cults correspond to one of the two antagonists in the age of Reformation.
Each of these items was erroneous material published inadvertently.
Each of these techniques of language extension should be used in its proper place.
Each of us bears his own Hell.
Each one owes infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in which he was born.
Each one serves until they screw up, at which point they rotate.
Each person has the right to take part in the management of public affairs in his country, provided he has prior experience, a will to succeed, a university degree, influential parents, good looks, a curriculum vitae, two 3x4 snapshots, and a good tax record.
Each person has the right to take the subway.
Each team building another component has been using the most recent tested version of the integrated system as a test bed for debugging its piece.
Each thinks that it is itself the one hope for salvation.
Each time a woman got pregnant, someone left town.
Each year at summer's end I go to find them for her, in a wide pool, deep and clear, far down Withywindle; there they open first in spring and there they linger latest.
Eager to show off this amazing accomplishment, he asked a friend to go along on his next hunting trip.
Eallum his bon brak, byt his nose offe; Wicced Godsylla waeld on his asse.
Earl has set a new record.
Early to bed and early to rise and you'll be groggy when everyone else is wide awake.
Early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy, wealthy and dead.
Earth does from the Sun, or fifty times in all.
Earth is a beta site.
Earth is a great, big funhouse without the fun.
Earthly needs of the poor, the depressed and the downtrodden, would naturally evolve from dynamic, articulate, spirited awareness of the great goals for Man and the society he conspired to erect.
Easter Bunny, and 100 feet to the west is Santa Claus.
Easy glum, easy glow.
Easy, said the Iowan.
Easy, you ask a gateway.
Eat drink and be merry!
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.
Eat right, stay fit, and die anyway.
Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work.
Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.
Eats first, morals after.
Ecology and politics and sane living.
Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
Economics is the study of the value and meaning of J.
Economists are still trying to figure out why the girls with the least principle draw the most interest.
Economists can certainly disappoint you.
Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
Eddie Cantor's goyish.
Edison's first major invention in 1877, was the phonograph, which could soon be found in thousands of American homes, where it basically sat until 1923, when the record was invented.
Edited for television.
Editing is a rewording activity.
Education and religion are two things not regulated by supply and demand.
Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
Education is the process of casting false pearls before real swine.
Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten.
Education is what you get when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
Educational television should be absolutely forbidden.
Eeny, Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak!
Eeyore, the old grey Donkey, stood by the side of the stream, and looked at himself in the water.
Eggnog is a traditional holiday drink invented by the English.
Ego sum ens omnipotens.
Egotist: A person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.
Eichmann's excuse for his job in the concentration camps.
Eight and four is twelve.
Eight was also the Number of Bel-Shamharoth, which was why a sensible wizard would never mention the number if he could avoid it.
Eighties people buy imported dental floss.
Eighty percent of married men cheat in America.
Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary.
Einstein's mother must have been one heck of a physicist.
Either I'm dead or my watch has stopped.
Either a thing will happen or it won't.
Either one of us, by himself, is expendable.
Either we must Succeed in providing the rational coordination of impulses and guts, or for centuries civilization will sink into a mere welter of minor excitements.
Electrical theories are the easiest to hypothesize: was there a loose with under the carpet, or problems with static electricity?
Electricity is actually made up of extremely tiny particles, called electrons, that you cannot see with the naked eye unless you have been drinking.
Electrons travel at the speed of light, which in most American homes is 110 volts per hour.
Elegance and truth are inversely related.
Elevating brain damage to an art form.
Elevators smell different to midgets.
Eli and Bessie went to sleep.
Elliptic paraboloids for sale.
Eloquence is logic on fire.
Elsewhere, won't scream, Forget it, Blanche.
Elvis is alive and running the country.
Elwood, in this world you must be oh so smart or oh so pleasant.
Embezzlement is another matter.
Emotions are alien to me.
Employees and their families are not eligible.
Enchantment healed his weary feet That over hills were doomed to roam; And forth he hastened, strong and fleet, And grasped at moonbeams glistening.
Encouragement, dear, she replied.
Encyclopedia for sale by father.
Endless the world's turn, endless the sun's spinning Endless the quest; I turn again, back to my own beginning, And here, find rest.
Enesco agreed to give lessons to the son who was quite unhampered by great musical talent.
Engineering meets art in the parking lot and things explode.
Engineering without management is art.
English for not enough food.
English literature's performing flea.
English majors are encouraged, I know, to hate chemistry and physics, and to be proud because they are not dull and creepy and humorless and war-oriented like the engineers across the quad.
English walnuts Before you start, sample the rum to check for quality.
Enjoy your companion's food.
Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
Enjoy yourself while you're still old.
Enough research will tend to support your theory.
Enter your data clearly but always encrypt your results.
Enterprise continues on its five year mission.
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
Entropy requires no maintenance.
Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
Equal bytes for women.
Equality is not when a female Einstein gets promoted to assistant professor; equality is when a female schlemiel moves ahead as fast as a male schlemiel.
Equally puzzling is the curtation that produces the same eight characters, THE BEST, whether you order The Best of Wagner, The Best of Schubert, or The Best of the Turds.
Equipment or program that fails, usually intermittently.
Erlenmeyer did so, and the flatfoot who turned up, one Sherlock Ohms, said the outrage looked like the work of an arch-criminal by the name of Lawrence Ium.
Ernest asks Frank how long he has been working for the company.
Ernest, the rich are different from us.
Eschew dialect, irregardless.
Especially if they are dead.
Especially if you're a man.
Especially with those 14 year-old Valley girls.
Especially, do not faint when it occurs.
Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
Estimate the differences in subsequent human culture if this form of life had been created 500 million years ago or earlier, with special attention to its probable effect on the English parliamentary system.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
Eternity is a terrible thought.
Ether bunny be back next year!
Ethics, whose nature was confusing but if you had it you were a High-Class Realtor and if you hadn't you were a shyster, a piker and a fly-by-night.
Etiquette is for those with no breeding; fashion for those with no taste.
Euch ist becannt, was wir beduerfen; Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged.
Eudaemonic Enterprises, for all they knew, might be a fast-growing computer company branching out of the Silicon Valley.
Eudaemonic research proceeded with the casual mania peculiar to this part of the world.
Eugene d'Albert, a noted German composer, was married six times.
Eurythmics'' practice birth control.
Evelyn, will you go into the auto-suggestion booth and take your regular place on the psycho-prompter couch?
Even Feghoot couldn't console them.
Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.
Even a cabbage may look at a king.
Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
Even a man who is pure at heart, And says his prayers at night Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms, And the moon is full and bright.
Even a perfect program still has bugs.
Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.
Even if one has to run some risks, one must be brave and strong enough to meet and overcome vexing challenges to maintain a successful business in the long run.
Even if some thinkers are fanciful, it is wrong to make fun of them for it.
Even if there were no clear scientific or other arguments for proceeding with this task, the whole history of our civilization would still impel men toward the goal.
Even if they reached that age they will in most instances be broken in health physically and morally.
Even if you can deceive people about a product through misleading statements, sooner or later the product will speak for itself.
Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?
Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
Even if you started out reasonably healthy in one of Julia's poems, the chances are that after a few stanzas you would be at the bottom of a river or struck by lightning.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Even in the moment of our earliest kiss, When sighed the straitened bud into the flower, Sat the dry seed of most unwelcome this; And that I knew, though not the day and hour.
Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.
Even more amazing was the realization that God has Internet access.
Even more dough,'' promises the author.
Even now that I'm grown?
Even nowadays a man can't step up and kill a woman without feeling just a bit unchivalrous.
Even peace may be purchased at too high a price.
Even people are changing.
Even that is too much to expect, insisted the manager, I will be satisfied if you simply tell me when the program is complete.
Even the Statue of Liberty shaves her pits.
Even the best of friends cannot attend each other's funeral.
Even the clearest and most perfect circumstantial evidence is likely to be at fault, after all, and therefore ought to be received with great caution.
Even the more sophisticated feminist thinkers frequently shy away from the analysis of submission, for fear that in admitting woman's participation in the relationship of domination, the onus of responsibility will appear to shift from men to women, and the moral victory from women to men.
Even then he would not look at Molly, but examined his claws.
Even though the prospect sickens, Fill the cup and don't say when.
Even though twenty-four parts in twenty-five of him are dead, he is alive.
Even when you make a tax form out on the level, you don't know when it's through if you are a crook or a martyr.
Even while we died, others rode out the storm.
Even with Kiner hitting and a change to win the game with a home run, Brandy took off for second and made it.
Even with the Winchester backup, they're no match for the Uzi.
Even with the quickness and agility of a kayak, you are not faster than the river, nor stronger, and you can beat it only by understanding it.
Even words look like decorative filigrees in exotic typefaces.
Even your dog won't like it.
Evening will follow day.
Events are not affected, they develop.
Eventually I stumbled across two colonels, a major, three captains, two lieutenants, and one rifleman, and we secured the bridge.
Eventually he had to be given a job running the post office.
Eventually the form for the next year's return arrived.
Eventually, the passengers split into groups and build several different aircraft, but give them all the same name.
Eventually, there was a tentative stirring, then a decisive one, and Nakamura arose, a smile on his face and the light of laughter in his eyes.
Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?
Ever feel like you're the head pin on life's bowling alley, and everyone's rolling strikes?
Ever free-climbed a thousand foot vertical cliff with 60 pounds of gear strapped to your butt?
Ever get the feeling that the world's on tape and one of the reels is missing?
Ever heard of a cat with an ulcer?
Ever notice that even the busiest people are never too busy to tell you just how busy they are?
Ever notice that the word therapist breaks down into the rapist?
Ever since prehistoric times, wise men have tried to understand what, exactly, make people laugh.
Ever since they threatened to fire me.
Ever since, he's been talking about the good old dais.
Ever wonder if taxation without representation might have been cheaper?
Ever wonder why fire engines are red?
Ever wondered about the origins of the term bugs as applied to computer technology?
Everclear brand grain alcohol Mix JELL-O and Knox gelatin into 2 cups of boiling water.
Everthing is farther away than it used to be.
Every Solidarity center had piles and piles of paper.
Every absurdity has a champion who will defend it.
Every class is unfit to govern.
Every cloud engenders not a storm.
Every cloud has a silver lining; you should have sold it, and bought titanium.
Every country has the government it deserves.
Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable urge to punt.
Every day they bored a hole, and on the seventh day, Chaos died.
Every day, to earn my daily bread I go to the market where lies are bought Hopefully I take my place among the sellers.
Every group has a couple of experts.
Every hack had seven bugs; Every bug had seven manifestations; Every manifestation had seven symptoms.
Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
Every living thing wants to survive.
Every love's the love before In a duller dress.
Every man is apt to form his notions of things difficult to be apprehended, or less familiar, from their analogy to things which are more familiar.
Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
Every man is tasked to make his life, even in its details, worthy of the contemplation of his most elevated and critical hour.
Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
Every man thinks God is on his side.
Every man who has reached even his intellectual teens begins to suspect that life is no farce; that it is not genteel comedy even; that it flowers and fructifies on the contrary out of the profoundest tragic depths of the essential death in which its subject's roots are plunged.
Every man who is high up likes to think that he has done it all himself, and the wife smiles and lets it go at that.
Every morning a lion wakes up.
Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up.
Every morning is a Smirnoff morning.
Every morning, I get up and look through the 'Forbes' list of the richest people in America.
Every new medium of writing brings about new intensities of religious belief and new schisms among believers.
Every newspaper in America has a daily astrology column.
Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis.
Every now and then, when your life gets complicated and the weasels start closing in, the only cure is to load up on heinous chemicals and then drive like a bastard from Hollywood to Las Vegas.
Every once in a while I turn it on and off.
Every one says that politicians lie all the time, and that just isn't so!
Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he sees in it.
Every path has its puddle.
Every person, all the events in your life are there because you have drawn them there.
Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
Every resolved what if creates two unresolved what if's.
Every silver lining has a cloud around it.
Every solution breeds new problems.
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success.
Every theory in philosophy, which is built on pure conjecture, is an elephant; and every theory that is supported partly by fact, and partly by conjecture, is like Nebuchadnezzar's image, whose feet were partly of iron, and partly of clay.
Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.
Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!
Every time I think I know where it's at, they move it.
Every time a fly landed on the web and was entangled in it the spider devoured him, so that when another fly came along he would think the web was a safe and quiet place in which to rest.
Every time you go to the beach, does the tide come in?
Every time you manage to close the door on Reality, it comes in through the window.
Every tone was a testimony against slavery, and a prayer to God for deliverance from chains.
Every way is the true Way.
Every why hath a wherefore.
Every word is like an unnecessary stain on silence and nothingness.
Every year new names are put onto the branches, but all to no avail.
Every young man should have a hobby: learning how to handle money is the best one.
Everybody but Sam had signed up for a new company pension plan that called for a small employee contribution.
Everybody but one girl laughed uproariously.
Everybody got this broken feeling like their father or their dog just died.
Everybody has something to conceal.
Everybody is given the same amount of hormones, at birth, and if you want to use yours for growing hair, that's fine with me.
Everybody is going somewhere!
Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
Everybody is talking about the weather but nobody does anything about it.
Everybody knows that it's me or you.
Everybody knows that the boat is leaking.
Everybody knows that the dice are loaded.
Everybody knows that you love me, baby.
Everybody knows that you really do.
Everybody knows that you've been faithful, give or take a night or two.
Everybody knows the captain lied.
Everybody knows the deal is rotten: Old Black Joe's still pickin' cotton for you ribbons and bows.
Everybody knows the fight was fixed: the poor stay poor, the rich get rich.
Everybody knows the good guys lost.
Everybody knows the war is over.
Everybody knows you've been discreet, but there were so many people you just had to meet without your clothes.
Everybody laughed at me.
Everybody lies, but it doesn't matter since nobody listens.
Everybody likes a kidder, but nobody lends him money.
Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
Everybody needs a place to rest, Everybody wants to have a home.
Everybody rolls with their fingers crossed.
Everybody stands in a circle.
Everybody take cover.
Everybody talking to their pockets.
Everybody tends to drift toward Bozoness.
Everybody wants a box of chocolates and long stem rose.
Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
Everybody's got a hungry heart.
Everybody's looking for something.
Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgement.
Everyone has a purpose in life.
Everyone has a scheme that will not work.
Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
Everyone is a genius.
Everyone is aware of this discrepancy between the acquaintance seen as familiar wallpaper or instant friend.
Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
Everyone is in the best seat.
Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
Everyone knows power tools aren't soluble in alcohol.
Everyone knows that dragons don't exist.
Everyone knows whose credit is good, and whose wife isn't.
Everyone should be careful to use a singular pronoun with singular nouns in their writing.
Everyone thinks he has enough.
Everyone told him, You ride the bull, senor.
Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes to get them.
Everyone was born right-handed.
Everyone would agree that all horses have an even number of legs.
Everyone's glad when they're over.
Everyone's head is a cheap movie show.
Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.
Everything I like is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
Everything bows to success, even grammar.
Everything can be filed under miscellaneous.
Everything else causes cancer in rats.
Everything ends badly.
Everything goes dark.
Everything goes wrong at once.
Everything in the apartment has been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.
Everything in this book may be wrong.
Everything is always done for the wrong reasons.
Everything is controlled by a small evil group to which, unfortunately, no one we know belongs.
Everything is possible.
Everything is sometimes.
Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being that a belch is more satisfying.
Everything might be different in the present if only one thing had been different in the past.
Everything on stage should be larger than in real life.
Everything put together falls apart sooner or later.
Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.
Everything should be built top-down, except this time.
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
Everything takes longer than you think it will.
Everything takes longer, costs more, and is less useful.
Everything tastes more or less like chicken.
Everything that can be invented has been invented.
Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
Everything was much more pleasant in the United States, because of the mentality of being open-minded, always positive.
Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
Everything worthwhile has a price.
Everything you know is wrong!
Everything you need to know is in there somewhere.
Everything you never wanted in a window system.
Everything you read in newspapers is absolutely true, except for that rare story of which you happen to have first-hand knowledge.
Everything you want to do in Europe is just, 'No way.
Everything you've learned in school as obvious becomes less and less obvious as you begin to study the universe.
Everything's better when it sits on a Ritz.
Everything's better with Blue Bonnet on it.
Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers.
Everywhere one rail was loosened, moved in three and one-half inches, and spiked down in its new position.
Everywhere you go you'll see them searching, Everywhere you turn you'll feel the pain, Everyone is looking for the answer, Well look again.
Evil does seek to maintain power by suppressing the truth.
Evil is that which one believes of others.
Evil to him who evil thinks.
Evolution is a bankrupt speculative philosophy, not a scientific fact.
Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident.
Evolution is as much a fact as the earth turning on its axis and going around the sun.
Evolution on an ancient earth is as well established as our planet's shape and position.
Exactly, said Nasrudin, your truth.
Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for even the greatest fool may ask more the the wisest man can answer.
Example is not the main thing in influencing others.
Examples too numerous to mention from the Roadrunner cartoons.
Exceeding peace had made Ben Adhem bold, And to the presence in the room he said, What writest thou?
Excellence is THE trend of the '80s.
Excellent day for drinking heavily.
Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
Excellent day to have a rotten day.
Excellent time to become a missing person.
Excellent, excellent!
Except with sour cream.
Exceptions prove the rule, and wreck the budget.
Excerpt from a conversation between a customer support person and a customer working for a well-known military-affiliated research lab: Support: You're not our only customer, you know.
Excess on occasion is exhilarating.
Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
Excited a few men in the meantime.
Excitedly he sits up in bed.
Excitement and danger await your induction to tracer duty!
Excuse me, he said, may I examine it?
Excuse me, sir, but I've been seeing you for hours now, carrying on at this grave.
Excuse, me, it said, would you shred my ends and tie me up like a pretzel?
Execute every act of thy life as though it were thy last.
Executive ability is deciding quickly and getting somebody else to do the work.
Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
Exercise system control in your experiments, for the world is full of bugs.
Exercising around small children can scar them emotionally for life.
Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what is wrong with it.
Existed hand in hand The Indians needed food They need skins for a roof The only took what they needed And the buffalo ran loose But then came the white man With his thick and empty head He couldn't see past his billfold He wanted all the buffalo dead It was sad, oh so sad.
Expansion means complexity; and complexity decay.
Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
Expect to see Yip elude all pursuers and make it into the endzone five or six times, his average for a game.
Expedience is the best teacher.
Experience and statistics show beyond doubt that passionate excessive dancing girls can hardly reach twenty-five years of age and men thirty-one.
Experience comes from bad judgement.
Experience has proved that some people indeed know everything.
Experience is a good teacher, but she sends in terrific bills.
Experience is directly proportional to the amount of equipment ruined.
Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens to you.
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
Experience is the worst teacher.
Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else.
Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most.
Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye, particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
Experimental psychologists think they're biologists.
Experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way.
Experiments should be reproducible.
Exposed to the attacks of friends and acquaintances; defamed; slandered.
Extraordinary claims demand extraordinary proof.
Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
Extreme feminine beauty is always disturbing.
Extremely fond of bad puns and jokes that need long explanations.
Extremism in the defense of liberty is no vice.
Exxon's 'Universe of Energy' tends to the peculiar rather than the humorous.
F u cn rd ths u cnt spl wrth a dm!
F' would only dignify it.
FIFTH FIFTH is a precision mathematical language in which the data types refer to quantity.
FOR A FEW FRIES MORE: Takes up where AFOF left off!
FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER II,III,IV,V,VI: Much, much more of the same.
FRIDAY THE 13TH DINER SERIES: Crazed potato who was left in a fryer too long and was charbroiled carelessly returns to wreak havoc on unsuspecting, would-be teen camp cooks.
FUN THING or the END of LIFE in Petticoat Junction?
FUN is never having to say you're SUSHI!
Fabricated of 100 percent 24-karat gold.
Face down, nine edge first.
Facing the rising sun of our new day begun, Let us march on till victory is won.
Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.
Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.
Facts are stupid things.
Facts are the enemy of truth.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Facts, apart from their relationships, are like labels on empty bottles.
Facts, like numbers, roll off his back.
Failing hardware or software.
Failing this, look around at the class.
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital.
Fain would I climb, yet fear I to fall.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
Faith is under the left nipple.
Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurence of the improbable.
Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
Falling in love is a lot like dying.
Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint.
Falling to new depths of inefficiency.
Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is oblivion.
Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.
Familiarity breeds attempt.
Families, when a child is born Want it to be intelligent.
Fanaticism consists of redoubling your effort when you have forgotten your aim.
Fancy giving money to the Government!
Far back in the mists of ancient time, in the great and glorious days of the former Galactic Empire, life was wild, rich and largely tax free.
Far duller than a serpent's tooth it is to spend a quiet youth.
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun.
Farewell we call to hearth and hall!
Farewell, farewell, you old rhinoceros, I'll stare at something less prepoceros.
Farmers in the Iowa State survey rated machinery breakdowns more stressful than divorce.
Fascinating is a word I use for the unexpected.
Fascinating, a totally parochial attitude.
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
Fast, cheap, good: pick two.
Faster, faster, you fool, you fool!
Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.
Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!
The British police force used to be run by men of integrity.
Fear and loathing, my man, fear and loathing.
Fear is the greatest salesman.
Fear neither root nor bough!
Fear of being buried alive.
Fear of being verbally abused by a Mississippian.
Fear of opening one's eyes.
Federal cutbacks mean less money for fortunes, and unless user contributions increase to make up the difference, the fortune program will have to shut down between midnight and 8 a.
Federal grants are offered for.
Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, Oh, no, it's Microsoft!
Feeling the wind at my back, I rounded second and kept going, sliding safely into third base.
Feeling very smug, I continued to expand my hypothesis.
Feeling worse and worser, There I met a C.
Felix Catus is your taxonomic nomenclature, An endothermic quadroped, carnivorous by nature.
Fellow programmer, greetings!
Feminists just want the human race to be a tie.
Ferdinand Feghoot, shedding a tear, I fear you do not realize the full significance of Pharoah's oxhide!
Fertility is hereditary.
Festivity Level 1: Your guests are chatting amiably with each other, admiring your Christmas-tree ornaments, singing carols around the upright piano, sipping at their drinks and nibbling hors d'oeuvres.
Festivity Level 3: Your guests are arguing violently with inanimate objects, singing I can't get no satisfaction, gulping down other peoples' drinks, wolfing down Christmas tree ornaments and placing hors d'oeuvres in the upright piano to see what happens when the little hammers strike.
Festivity Level 4: Your guests, hors d'oeuvres smeared all over their naked bodies are performing a ritual dance around the burning Christmas tree.
Fetch me a child of 5.
Fetch me a child of five.
Few have excelled him in the use of the English language, or for that matter, in lucidity of verse form, 'Paradise Lost' being said to be the greatest single poem ever written.
Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
Fewer still get to do the choosing.
Fielding tells me, Mother Nature looks on and taps her foot and clicks her tongue.
Fields sown with barley reap crabgrass and fungus, and even small gardens reject their artichoke hearts.
Fields, William Bendix.
Fifteen men on a dead man's chest, Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
Fifteen minutes later, they hear this echoing voice: Helllloooooo!
Fifty flippant frogs Walked by on flippered feet And with their slime they made the time Unnaturally fleet.
Fifty-three percent said yes; 39 percent said no; and 8 percent said Gimme a quarter?
Fights between cats and dogs are prohibited by statute in Barber, North Carolina.
Filing almost everything under the.
Fill a large tumbler with vodka.
Fill what's empty, empty what's full, scratch where it itches.
Filthy Rich and Catflap, 1986.
Finally I got a run in which the computer showed the pulsar's temperature to be less than absolute zero.
Finally got one to work.
Finally he could stand it no longer.
Finally one soldier turns to the other and says, I don't like the sound of those drums.
Finally the big day was at hand.
Finally the company president called Sam into his office.
Finally the fan went to his seat, eager for the game to begin.
Finally, Killer Lucci picked up the third die, put it in his pocket and handed the others to Dutsky.
Finally, a man who can satisfy two women at once.
Finally, all references flowing from a white, male, eurocentric perspective have been eliminated, as have any other ruminations deemed denigrating to the political consensus of the moment.
Finally, an articulate and wise leader must sense these first three conditions and put forth with words and action the great thing to be accomplished.
Finally, each began to melt into each, staying itself while becoming all others.
Finally, in one conversation, he used the word canonical in jargon-like fashion without thinking.
Finally, nearly dead, sun-blind and with his skin peeling and blistering, he sees a restaurant in the distance.
Finally, on the day set, great numbers of gangs of track layers went to work at dawn.
Finally, one of the scientists suggested that since he was an experimentalist, he would try to fly the aircraft.
Finally, someone located the trouble spot and, using ordinary tweezers, removed the problem, a two-inch moth.
Finally, the camera pans into the rabbit's cave and, as everybody should have guessed by now, we see a mean-looking, huge lion, sitting, picking his teeth and belching, next to some furry, bloody remnants of the wolf and the fox.
Finally, the parrot figures out how almost every trick works and starts giving it away for the audience.
Finally, the woman asked her husband if he had made his usual pledge to the United Way Campaign.
Finally, turning for home, they passed a car dealership.
Find a way to reach her, make yourself a fool, But do it with a little class, disregard the rules.
Find out if you are taken to another bar.
Find someone who will buy you another beer.
Find the fun and snap!
Finding out what goes on in the C.
Finding the occasional straw of truth awash in a great ocean of confusion and bamboozle requires intelligence, vigilance, dedication and courage.
Fine day for friends.
Fine day to work off excess energy.
Fine said the man, and gave the student the paint and brushes.
Fine today, cooler tomorrow.
Fine, said the girl, smiling up at him demurely.
Fire Can't Burn Them!
Fire and lamp, and meat and bread, And then to bed!
Fire engines are always rush'n.
Firmware said to them: The Tao lies beyond Yin and Yang.
First a word about our product.
First it killed the Romans, And now it's killing me.
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity, no really self-respecting woman would take advantage of it.
First of all, do not run after your camera.
First rule of public speaking.
First study the enemy.
First there was Dial-A-Prayer, then Dial-A-Recipe, and even Dial-A-Footballer.
First there's the affair, then there's the marriage, then children and finally the fourth stage, without which you cannot know a woman, the divorce.
First time that I got it I was just ten years old, Got it from the kitty next door.
First we checked to make sure the amplifier would fit through the frame, using the belt from my bathrobe to measure, then we picked up the amplifier and backed up to my bedroom door.
First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and squirrel.
First we take Manhattan, then we take Berlin.
First you decide which direction your hot tub should face for maximum solar energy.
First, I kill the engine a block away from the house and coast into the garage.
First, a base of technology must exist from which to do the thing to be done.
First, a few words about tools.
First, he took a long time to answer, second, he was absolutely correct, and, third, his answer was absolutely useless.
First, we assume that horses are perfect spheres in simple harmonic motion.
Fish are fast moving vegetables.
Fishing through the ice, she replied.
Fishing, with me, has always been an excuse to drink in the daytime.
Five bicycles make a volkswagen, seven make a truck.
Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity.
Five o'clock tea at all hours.
Five; four to hold the car up and one to swap tires.
Flakey and built to stay that way.
Flattery will get you everywhere.
Flawed beyond belief.
Flee at once, all is discovered.
Flesh and Blood have had their day.
Fletcher left a manuscript with a friend with instructions that it be published after his death; the manuscript was published in Physics Today, June 1982, page 43.
Flight Reservation systems decide whether or not you exist.
Flirting is the gentle art of making a man feel pleased with himself.
Floggings will continue until morale improves.
Flowcharts are, after all, the illiterate's form of documentation.
Fly Windows NT: All the passengers carry their seats out onto the tarmac, placing the chairs in the outline of a plane.
Fly me away to the bright side of the moon.
Flying is the second greatest feeling you can have.
Fold in schopped butter and strained chups.
Follow the leader, Johnny me laddie, Follow it through, me canny lad O; Follow the transport, Johnny me laddie, Away, lad, lie away, canny lad O!
Following the rules will not get the job done.
Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
Food, clothing, firing, rent, taxes, respectability and children.
Fools ignore complexity.
Football builds self-discipline.
Football combines the two worst features of American life.
Football is a game designed to keep coalminers off the streets.
For 20 dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time.
For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!
For I am an End-user of Very Little Brain, and long words bother me.
For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
For I perceive that behind this seemingly unrelated sequence of events, there lurks a singular, sinister attitude of mind.
For I swore I would stay a year away from her; out and alas!
For New York cabbies, honesty and stopping at red lights are both optional.
For a couple o' pins, says Troll, and grins, I'll eat thee too, and gnaw thy shins.
For a doctrine which is able to maintain itself not in clear light, but only in the dark, will of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with incalculable harm to human progress.
For a first offense, that is.
For a heavenly cause.
For a holy stint, a moth of the cloth gave up his woolens for lint.
For a light heart lives long.
For a long while, yet, in the roses, She will linger on, yearning for peace, And slowly Close her weary eyes.
For a male and female to live continuously together is.
For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a cat.
For a young man, not yet: for an old man, never at all.
For adult education nothing beats children.
For all dreams are not equal, some exit to nightmare most end with the dreamer But at least one must be lived.
For almost two days you've run wild and insisted on chatting with persons who've never existed.
For although it may momentarily appear to be the case, it is not at all likely that the cabin is entirely inhabited by crying babies smoking inexpensive domestic cigars.
For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.
For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be creamed?
For at noon the skies turned from blue to grey and by mid-afternoon had blackened over so densely that, in that religious age, men fell on their knees and begged a final blessing before the end came.
For best consistent contribution in the field of publishing our award goes to editor, R.
For breakfast, lunch and tea.
For certain people, after fifty, litigation takes the place of sex.
For children with short attention spans: boomerangs that don't come back.
For courage mounteth with occasion.
For east or west all woods must fail.
For every action there is an equal and opposite government program.
For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.
For every bloke who makes his mark, there's half a dozen waiting to rub it out.
For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.
For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
For every problem there is one solution which is simple, neat, and wrong.
For every vengeance there is an equal and opposite revengeance.
For every voice counts!
For evil, return justice.
For example, Frank Harary once suggested the law that any field that had the word science in its name was guaranteed thereby not to be a science.
For example, I could say: Bad grammar is the leading cause of slow, painful death in North America, or Without good grammar, the United States would have lost World War II.
For example, New England's first colonists decided to drop anchor at Plymouth Rock instead of continuing on to Virginia because, as one of them put it, We could not now take time for further consideration, our victuals being spent and especially our beer.
For example, if you happen to work on campus, you will have 1-2 hours between classes.
For example, in Year 1 that useless letter c would be dropped to be replased either by k or s, and likewise x would no longer be part of the alphabet.
For example, our ethernet front ends need to know what network number they are on so that they can address and route PUPs properly.
For example, seriously restricting the concept of a pointer simply forces the programmer to use a vector plus integer arithmetic to implement structures, pointer, etc.
For example, there are no solids in the universe.
For example, when he filed his income tax return last year, he declared half of his salary as 'unearned income.
For example, when the magician makes a bouquet of flowers disappear, the parrot squawks Behind his back!
For example, when the user makes a syntax error, the interpreter displays the message GAG ME WITH A SPOON!
For example, your average man has 84 ties, but he wears, at most, only three of them.
For exceptional wit one might grant keelhauling.
For far more marvelous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined!
For fast-acting relief, try slowing down.
For fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
For good, return good.
For him neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exists as an independent cause of natural events.
For if there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur of this life.
For instance they say elevator and we say lift.
For instance, I am not a goob might become I am.
For instance, if you add a sum from the bottom up, and then again from the top down, the result is always different.
For instance, last week this old boy who lives down the road from me, and is forever stinkmouthing my hounds, brought some city fellow around to try out ol' Sis here.
For instance, my grandmother used to say, The black cat is always the last one off the fence.
For instance, number 257 produces systematized logistical projection, a phrase that can be dropped into virtually any report with that ring of decisive, knowledgeable authority.
For instance, the degree to which people are bored, by counting the number of their fidgets.
For it looks like the shin o' my nuncle Tim, As should be a-lyin in graveyard.
For knighthood is not in the feats of war, As for to fight in quarrel right or wrong, But in a cause which truth cannot defer: He ought himself for to make sure and strong, Just to keep mixt with mercy among: And no quarrel a knight ought to take But for a truth, or for the common's sake.
For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.
For many years, they were content to sit back and make the same old carbonated beverage.
For me the world is weird because it is stupendous, awesome, mysterious, unfathomable; my interest has been to convince you that you must accept responsibility for being here, in this marvelous world, in this marvelous desert, in this marvelous time.
For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble: and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed.
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier.
For my son, Robert, this is proving to be the high-point of his entire life to date.
For myself, I can only say that I am astonished and somewhat terrified at the results of this evening's experiments.
For one thing, he violates the law of conservation of energy.
For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
For purposes of humor it is popularly called a trunk.
For some reason a glaze passes over people's faces when you say Canada.
For some reason, if a non-hitchhiker discovers that a hitchhiker has his towel with him, he will automatically assume that he is also in possession of a toothbrush, washcloth, flask, gnat spray, space suit, etc.
For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
For someone trapped in net.
For surely anyone who achieves anything is, essentially, abnormal.
For symmetry with CAR, CDR returns a second value which is the CAR of the object.
For that matter, compare your pocket computer with the massive jobs of a thousand years ago.
For that matter, you're not even my species!
For the experience of age, in things that fall within the compass of it, directeth them; but in new things, abuseth them.
For the fashion of Minas Tirith was such that it was built on seven levels, each delved into a hill, and about each was set a wall, and in each wall was a gate.
For the first time we have a weapon that nobody has used for thirty years.
For the first time, I found that I really could change, and the qualities I most admired in myself I gave up.
For the first time, an eater could instantly grasp the connection between relieving depression and Mallomars, and understand why a lover's quarrel isn't so bad if there's a pint of ice cream nearby.
For the individual who is truly able to discriminate with regard to excellent quality standards of crafting things by hand.
For the individual who is very secure.
For the initiator has the emnity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new ones.
For the initiator has the enmity of all who would profit by the preservation of the old institutions and merely lukewarm defenders in those who would gain by the new ones.
For the lead role in a cage?
For the love of phlegm.
For the man who has everything.
For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.
For the purpose of answering examinations in your home economics class, your teacher is correct.
For the transit system, as it now operates, has hidden advantages that can't be measured in monetary terms.
For thee the wonder-working earth puts forth sweet flowers.
For theirs is a strength born of things other than mere force.
For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel.
For they are ever caught in a trap of their own making.
For thirty years a certain man went to spend every evening with Mme.
For this reason restricting language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best dangerous.
For those who have had too much of Esalen, Topanga, and Kairos.
For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
For those who wondered WTF QED means.
For though dark they stand, all woods there be must end at last, and see the open sun go past: the setting sun, the rising sun, the day's end, or the day begun.
For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off.
For three days and nights they just drift, with the magician clinging to one end of a piece of driftwood and the parrot perched on the other end.
For three years, the young attorney had been taking his brief vacations at this country inn.
For two months, the father stands stiff, without food, blind in the 24-hour dark, balancing the egg on his feet.
For we are young and free.
For weeks beforehand, shops had been busy pressing wheels in on the axles to the new and narrower gauge, to have a supply of rolling stock which could run on the new track as soon as it was ready.
For what he thought was H2O, Was H2SO4.
For why does she have his hat on?
For years I tried smart.
For you have tapped into the same awesome primal power that produces credit-card billing errors and lost plane reservations.
For you the world is weird because if you're not bored with it you're at odds with it.
For your penance, say five Hail Marys and one loud BLAH!
Forbid your kids to do it.
Force feed the elephant.
Force has no place where there is need of skill.
Foreigners always spell better than they pronounce.
Forest fires cause Smokey Bears.
Forewarned is forearmed.
Forget it, the customer said.
Forgive him, for he believes that the customs of his tribe are the laws of nature!
Form follows malfunction.
Formal evening attire for female computer analysts.
Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.
Forsan et haec olim meminisse juvabit.
Forssman was awarded the Nobel Prize.
Fortran programs, for example.
Fortunate is he for whom the belle toils.
Fortunately inspiration struck.
Fortunately, I am making it.
Fortunately, I had my eagle fly swatter handy.
Fortunately, at least for Moishe, the man was sound asleep.
Fortunately, he had an Texan friend and went to him for advice.
Fortunately, the responsibility for providing evidence is on the part of the person making the claim, not the critic.
Fortunately, the second-to-last bug has just been fixed.
Fortunately, they seem to have gotten a bit bored and fallen asleep, for it looks like Cynthia may get to go home.
Fortunately, this isn't difficult.
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions: We can imagine no reason why, with ordinary care, human toes could not be left out of chewing tobacco, and if toes are found in chewing tobacco, it seems to us that someone has been very careless.
Fortune Documents the Great Legal Decisions: We think that we may take judicial notice of the fact that the term bitch may imply some feeling of endearment when applied to a female of the canine species but that it is seldom, if ever, so used when applied to a female of the human race.
Fortune and love befriend the bold.
Fortune favors the lucky.
Fortune suggests uses for YOUR favorite UNIX commands!
Fortune's Exercising Truths: 1: Richard Simmons gets paid to exercise like a lunatic.
Fortune's diet truths: 1: Forget what the cookbooks say, plain yogurt tastes nothing like sour cream.
Fortune's nomination for All-Time Champion and Protector of Youthful Morals goes to Representative Clare E.
Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m.
Forty-three programmers are known to have died of boredom sitting at their terminals while waiting for a SLOBOL program to compile.
Found it, the Mouse replied rather crossly: of course you know what 'it' means.
Four Tu-144s were built; two have crashed, and two are in museums.
Four and four is eight.
Four be the things I am wiser to know: Idleness, sorrow, a friend, and a foe.
Four be the things I'd been better without: Love, curiosity, freckles, and doubt.
Four fifths of the perjury in the world is expended on tombstones, women and competitors.
Four is an even number.
Four is certainly an odd number of arms for a man to have.
Four million are in the Armed Services, which leaves 15 million to do the work.
Four thousand throats may be cut in one night by a running man.
Four, three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Four; three to hold it down, and one to rip its head off.
Fourteen years in the professor dodge has taught me that one can argue ingeniously on behalf of any theory, applied to any piece of literature.
Francis said, You gave her great pleasure always.
Frank has built and lost his creature.
Frank looks like a sex-crazed shotgun slayer, doesn't he?
Frankfort, Kentucky, makes it against the law to shoot off a policeman's tie.
Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
Frankly, the easiest way to eliminate your guilt is to establish theirs by putting them on trial before they're cooked.
Frantic screams make me nervous.
Fraud is the homage that force pays to reason.
Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B.
Fred noticed his roommate had a black eye upon returning from a dance.
Free Speech Is The Right To Shout 'Theater' In A Crowded Fire.
Free a controlled variable procedure parameter and reallocate it before passing it back?
Free markets select for winning solutions.
Freedom begins when you tell Mrs.
Freedom from incrustation of grime is contiguous to rectitude.
Freedom is nothing else but the chance to do better.
Freedom is still the most radical idea of all.
Freedom of the press is for those who happen to own one.
Freedom's just another word for nothing left to lose.
Fremen add life to spice!
French for not enough food.
French, and difficult to stir.
Fresh fruit is not dessert.
Fresh o'er the mountains breaks forth the morning, The ev'ning gilds the oceans's swell: All creatures joy in the sun's returning, And I rejoice in my bonnie Bell.
Friday, with symposium to follow.
Friends come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
Friends were surprised, indeed, when Frank and Jennifer broke their engagement, but Frank had a ready explanation: Would you marry someone who was habitually unfaithful, who lied at every turn, who was selfish and lazy and sarcastic?
Friends, Romans, Hipsters, Let me clue you in; I come to put down Caesar, not to groove him.
Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority over the other.
Frisbee Frobenius to the common usage, 'hack'.
From 0 to what seems to be the problem officer in 8.
From Sharp minds come.
From Weekends and nights in front of a screen.
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
From a cold steel rail?
From a performance viewpoint, however, it is more appropriate to view the host area as a four dimensional hyper-cube, the four dimensions being cylinder, group, track, and sector.
From listening comes wisdom and from speaking repentance.
From now on, I'm going to protect them with you!
From rain when it's fall-ish, I'm going to protect them.
From that small, untutored boy.
From the ashes a fire shall be woken, A light from the shadows shall spring; Renewed shall be blade that was broken, The crownless again shall be king.
From the cradle to the coffin underwear comes first.
From the fury of the norsemen deliver us, O Lord!
From the little that has seeped out, it would appear that MAFIA operates under a non-standard protocol, OMERTA, a tight-lipped variant of SNA, in which extended handshakes also perform complex security functions.
From the man's shape, Krat could tell it was a female, probably their leader.
From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was convulsed with laughter.
From the patch for 1.
From the speck on that clover their voices were heard!
From the sun in the summer.
From the top of the mountain, you cannot see the mountain.
From then on, the monk did not bother Tortue.
From then on, when anything went wrong with a computer, we said it had bugs in it.
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere.
From this moment on, let all those who feel that Americans can be as easily led to beauty as to ugliness, to truth as to public relations, to joy as to bitterness, be said to be suffering from Hunter Thompson's disease.
From this, and the fact that we were able to capture and examine some of the source code, we realized that we were dealing with someone very sharp, probably not someone here on campus.
From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving, Whatever gods may be, That no life lives forever, That dead men rise up never, That even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.
From what I've tasted of desire I hold with those who favor fire.
From where the sun now stands I Will Fight No More Forever.
From which and many other similar phenomena of nature such as the seven metals, etc.
Fruit are vegetables that fool you by tasting good.
Fruit flies like a banana.
Fruit salad is Jewish.
Fruitcakes make ideal gifts because the Postal Service has been unable to find a way to damage them.
Full, pursed lips protruded beneath the bushy black moustache and, at their corners, sank into little folds filled with disapproval and potato chip crumbs.
Fully clothed, I might add.
Fun With Usenet postings are no exception.
Functionality breeds Contempt.
Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.
Funny to Jack Slingwine, Guy Harris and Hal Pierson.
Furious activity is no substitute for understanding.
Furious, he confronted Saint Peter at the pearly gates.
Furious, he stood up and yelled at the top of his lungs, My name isn't Dave!
Further and further up they went.
Furthermore, since such voluminous pseudocode is too distracting to be kept in the listing itself, it must be kept in a separate folder.
Furthermore, the non-hitchhiker will then happily lend the hitchhiker any of these or a dozen other items that he may have lost.
Fuss, the god of the Southern Ocean, and Fret, the god of the Northern Ocean, happened once to meet in the realm of Chaos, the god of the center.
Futhermore, if the architecture team did it, his 150 men would sit twiddling their thumbs for ten months.
G is for grep, a clever detective, while H is for halt, which may seem defective.
GCs into a suitable tempfile and mix in some melted butter.
GIVE: Support the helpless victims of computer error.
GO refreshed 1938 The best friend thirst ever had 1939 Thirst stops here 1942 It's the real thing 1947 Have a Coke 1961 Zing!
GOOD-NIGHT, everybody.
Gabe put the carcass back out in the alley and went back to business.
Gabe shook his head sadly and said to the ghost, I can't.
Gag me with a smurfette.
Gail Wynand, who prided himself on never needing a lesson twice, did not fall in love again in the years that followed.
Galileo was not shown the instruments of torture in an abstract debate about lunar motion.
Gandhi often changed his mind publicly.
Gangly and frail, the hacker has a high forehead and thinning hair.
Garbage at your fingertips.
Gardens are for plants to live in.
Garth, took the stunned Pope to one side.
Gateways are required by definition to know their correct network numbers.
Gaulle occassionally acknowledges America to be the daughter of Europe, so I am pleased to come to Yale, the daughter of Harvard.
Gave proof through the night that our flag was still there.
Gay shlafen, darling.
Gay shlafen: Yiddish for go to sleep.
Gee how I wish he'd go away!
Gee, I wish we hadn't backed down on 'noalias'.
Gee, Toto, I don't think we are in Kansas anymore.
Gee, Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
General notions are generally wrong.
Generally speaking, the Way of the warrior is resolute acceptance of death.
Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why you should.
Genius does what it must.
Genius doesn't work on an assembly line basis.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
Genius is ten percent inspiration and fifty percent capital gains.
Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
Gentle Reader: Certainly.
Gentle Reader: Please list some decent ways of acquiring a man's saliva on your face.
Gentlemen of the jury, said the defense attorney, now beginning to warm to his summation, the real question here before you is, shall this beautiful young woman be forced to languish away her loveliest years in a dark prison cell?
Gentlemen, Whilst marching from Portugal to a position which commands the approach to Madrid and the French forces, my officers have been diligently complying with your requests which have been sent by H.
Genuine happiness is when a wife sees a double chin on her husband's old girl friend.
Georg Wilhelm Hegel, on his deathbed, complained, Only one man ever understood me.
George Orwell was an optimist.
George Will: I don't think astrology belongs even on the comic pages.
George and Ringo miffed.
George quieted the crowd and said, Now we'll begin!
George yelled at the dog.
George's friend Sam had a dog who could recite the Gettysburg Address.
George's response was something like this: 'Charles Eames is an unusual talent.
Get a can of shaving cream, throw it in a freezer for about a week.
Get a perfectly symmetrical plank and balance it across a sawhorse.
Get back on course and do it again.
Get back to your stations!
Get even with your old lady.
Get in touch with your feelings of hostility against the dying light.
Get into that garbage chute, flyboy!
Get out of our lives you rascal.
Get out, you old Wight!
Get up one time more than you're knocked down.
Get your head out of the clouds.
Gets married to other data, divorced.
Getting into trouble is easy.
Getting kicked out of the American Bar Association is liked getting kicked out of the Book-of-the-Month Club.
Getting the job done is no excuse for not following the rules.
Getting there is only half as far as getting there and back.
Gibble, Gobble, we ACCEPT YOU.
Gil-galad was an Elven-king.
Girls are better looking in snowstorms.
Girls marry for love.
Girls who throw themselves at men, are actually taking very careful aim.
Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day.
Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking out of him.
Give a small boy a hammer and he will find that everything he encounters needs pounding.
Give a woman an inch and she'll park a car in it.
Give all orders verbally.
Give him an evasive answer.
Give it clean water and feed it fresh air.
Give it to others instead.
Give me a Plumber's friend the size of the Pittsburgh dome, and a place to stand, and I will drain the world.
Give me a beer, and I'll have a lawyer for my 'gator.
Give me a fish and I will eat today.
Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.
Give me chastity and continence, but not just now.
Give me enough medals, and I'll win any war.
Give me your students, your secretaries, Your huddled writers yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your Selectric III's.
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses.
Give the core an extra tug And the system is going to crash.
Give the information a moment to sink in and then remark that you were only kidding, that your lover is merely of a different religion.
Give these, the homeless, typist-tossed to me.
Give thought to your reputation.
Give up skiing and skydiving for more horizontal sports like curling.
Give your child mental blocks for Christmas.
Give your very best today.
Given a choice between grief and nothing, I'd choose grief.
Given a choice between two theories, take the one which is funnier.
Given my druthers, I'd druther not.
Given sufficient time, what you put off doing today will get done by itself.
Given the choice between accomplishing something and just lying around, I'd rather lie around.
Given the incredible advances in sociocybernetics and telepsychology over the last few years, we are now able to completely understand everything that the author of an memo is trying to say.
Giving money and power to governments is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.
Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden: Languages whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful.
Gloffing is a state of mine.
Gloom, despair and agony on me.
Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
Go after a tattooed Virgo.
Go away, I'm all right.
Go back to California where you came from.
Go climb a gravity well!
Go forth and create a masterwork!
Go home to your WIFE.
Go home with some office supplies.
Go in and tell him, but, gently, you hear me, gently!
Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
Go on and give it a try, Why prolong the agony, all men must die.
Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, And remember what comfort there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may be in owning a piece thereof.
Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends, but quickly to their misfortunes.
Go soothingly in the snow, as there lurk the ski demons.
Go stand next to nearest dog.
Go the expatriated Americans, Hoping to find some fun.
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company.
Go to a movie tonight.
Go to one of those really cheap discount stores where they sell plastic furniture in colors visible from the planet Neptune and where they have a food section specializing in cardboard cartons full of Raisinets and malted milk balls manufactured during the Nixon administration.
Go to sleep, you little wretch!
Go to the daily papers.
Go west, young man, go west!
God Rest Ye Merry Merchants, What's important is.
God bless Mommy and Daddy and Keith and Kim, she said.
God created a few perfect heads.
God decided to take the devil to court and settle their differences once and for all.
God doesn't play dice.
God gave New Jersey first choice.
God gave man two ears and one tongue so that we listen twice as much as we speak.
God given right to receive Net Mail.
God gives burdens; also shoulders Jimmy Carter cited this Jewish saying in his concession speech at the end of the 1980 election.
God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.
God grant me the senility to accept the things I cannot change, The frustration to try to change things I cannot affect, and the wisdom to tell the difference.
God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to change the things we can, and wisdom to know the difference.
God has always resembled his creators.
God help the troubadour who tries to be a star.
God help those who do not help themselves.
God helps them that themselves.
God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
God instructs the heart, not by ideas, but by pains and contradictions.
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.
God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.
God is dead and I don't feel all too well either.
God is love, but get it in writing.
God is real, unless declared integer.
God is really only another artist.
God is the tangential point between zero and infinity.
God isn't dead, he just couldn't find a parking place.
God made everything out of nothing, but the nothingness shows through.
God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
God made the world in six days, and was arrested on the seventh.
God may be subtle, but he isn't plain mean.
God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.
God must love the common man; He made so many of them.
God requireth not a uniformity of religion.
God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
God save our Gracious Queen!
God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.
God shows his contempt for wealth by the kind of person he selects to receive it.
God was satisfied with his own work, and that is fatal.
God, I had no idea it was so hard to be a woman.
God, if ignorance of fear were courage.
Goddard launched the first liquid-propelled rocket, achieving an altitude of 41 feet.
Goes with the territory.
Going forward is a way to retreat.
Going from DOS to Linux is like trading a glider for an F117.
Going further, I lay down the doctrine that it is a sheer physical impossibility for such a man to live in the United States and not be happy.
Going the speed of light is bad for your age.
Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
Gold coast slave ship bound for cotton fields Sold in a market down in New Orleans Scarred old slaver knows he's doing alright Hear him whip the women, just around midnight Ah, brown sugar how come you taste so good?
Goldberry, Goldberry, merry yellow berry-o!
Golden leaf after leaf Falls from the tall acacia.
Gong, n: Medieval term for privy, or what pased for them in that era.
Gonna take a ride across the moon.
Gonzalo Tornaria in response to Linus Torvalds's mailing about a kernel bug.
Good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven.
Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
Good children always obey.
Good day for a change of scene.
Good day for overcoming obstacles.
Good day to avoid cops.
Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
Good day to let down old friends who need help.
Good debuggers, though, know that there has to be a reason.
Good design and the absence of errors cannot be guaranteed by mere language features.
Good enough is never good enough.
Good evening, gentlemen.
Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
Good government never depends upon laws, but upon the personal qualities of those who govern.
Good health is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.
Good judgement comes from experience.
Good leaders being scarce, following yourself is allowed.
Good morning, and he glittered when he walked.
Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
Good night, Austin, Texas, wherever you are!
Good salesmen and good repairmen will never go hungry.
Good shall always destroy evil.
Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
Good thing my camera had a flash.
Goodness had nothin' to do with it, dearie.
Gort, klaatu nikto barada.
Gosh that takes me back.
Got a bad scratch fever.
Got a complaint about the Internal Revenue Service?
Got a wife and kids in Baltimore Jack, I went out for a ride and never came back.
Got two good eyes But we still don't see.
Govern a great nation as you would cook a small fish.
Government expands to absorb revenue and then some.
Government lies, and newspapers lie, but in a democracy they are different lies.
Governor Ronald Reagan was sworn in just after midnight in his first term in Sacramento because the stars said it was a propitious time.
Gozer the Gozerian: As the duly appointed representative of the city, county and state of New York, I hereby order you to cease all supernatural activities at once and proceed immediately to your place of origin or the nearest parallel dimension, whichever is nearest.
Grabbing the drifter by the arm and throwing him over the bar, the giant thundered, Gimme a drink!
Grace Murray Hopper has firsthand explanation.
Gracefully pass them on to the youth at the next desk.
Graduate life: It's not just a job.
Graduate students and most professors are no smarter than undergrads.
Graduating seniors, parents and friends.
Grammatically separable; one may speak of biting the bag.
Grand Canyon it would probably be a good idea.
Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine.
Graphics blind the eyes.
Grasp the lobster behind the head, look it right in its unmistakably guilty eyestalks and say, Where were you on the night of the 21st?
Gratitude and treachery are merely the two extremities of the same procession.
Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
Gratuitous incompatibility.
Graven images may be tolerated by the luxurious cults, but the true IBM faith relies on the austerity of the word.
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love.
Gravity brings me down.
Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
Gravity: What you get when you eat too much and too fast.
Grease oven and turn cake pan to 350 gredees and rake until poothtick comes out crean.
Great Danes are no problem!
Great Man rouses himself to his Work.
Great acts are made up of small deeds.
Great generals are forewarned.
Great minds run in great circles.
Great minds think alike?
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
Greater talent shows itself late in life.
Greatness is a transitory experience.
Gretzky gets the rebound!
Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
Grinning ear to ear, the jock boasted, I get about twenty-five in the city and forty on the highway.
Groups of guitars are on the way out.
Grovel, grovel, grovel, in your own peculiar way.
Grover Cleveland, though constantly at loggerheads with the Senate, got on better with the House of Representatives.
Growing old isn't bad when you consider the alternatives.
Grub first, then ethics.
Grundy to go fly a kite.
Guaranteed to be at least 5000 years old.
Gubru and the rapidly turning Earth ship.
Gumbinowitz, mechanical engineer, in a hidden-camera interview.
Guys were after me like you can't believe.
HE asked me about black holes in space.
HE described the complexities of the microchips required to create the graphics.
HE said, Mom, I just don't understand women.
HE talked internal combustion engines.
HE wanted to discuss nature's food chains.
HELLO, everybody, I'm a HUMAN!
HERE LIES LESTER MOORE SHOT 4 TIMES WITH A.
HP had a unique policy of allowing its engineers to take parts from stock as long as they built something.
HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub, HUBUB, hubub, hubub, hubub.
Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed down-stairs a step at a time.
Hack for the user's benefit.
Hack placidly amidst the noisy printers and remember what prizes there may be in Science.
Hacker's Guide To Cooking: 2 pkg.
Hackers are just a migratory lifeform with a tropism for computers.
Hackers of the world, unite!
Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.
Had divine intervention been the guiding force, surely two millennia after the birth of Jesus he would not have a world where there are more Muslims than Catholics, more Hindus than Protestants, and more nontheists than Catholics and Protestants combined.
Had there been an actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.
Had this been an actual emergency, we would have fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.
Had this been an actual life, you would have received further instructions as to what to do and where to go.
Hadamard refers to Poincare having had a.
Hagar's note: The first definition is much preferred; the second is used only by malcontents, the envious, and disgruntled owners of waterfront property.
Hailing frequencies open, Captain.
Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side?
Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be.
Half a mind is a terrible thing to waste!
Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
Halley's Comet: It came, we saw, we drank.
Hand-picked Beauties doing cute tricks!
Hands, leave off your deeds, Mind, forget all thoughts; All of my forces Yearn only to sink into sleep.
Hang around with rich people and you will end by picking up the check and dying broke.
Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
Hangmen and politicians work best when the human spirit is at its lowest ebb.
Happens every six months or so.
Happily for posterity, the moves are recorded and so chess enthusiasts may reconstruct this magnificent collapse in the comfort of their own homes.
Happiness adds and multiplies as we divide it with others.
Happiness is a hard disk.
Happiness is a positive cash flow.
Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
Happiness is just an illusion, filled with sadness and confusion.
Happiness is just next to you.
Happiness is right next to you.
Happiness is the greatest good.
Happiness is twin floppies.
Happiness is unattainable.
Happiness isn't having what you want, it's wanting what you have.
Happiness isn't something you experience; it's something you remember.
Happiness lies in the swiftness of feeling and thinking: all the rest of the world is slow, gradual and stupid.
Happiness makes up in height what it lacks in length.
Happiness was born a twin.
Happy feast of the pig!
Hard reality has a way of cramping your style.
Hard work never killed anybody, but why take a chance?
Hardware has limitations, software doesn't.
Hardware met Software on the road to Changtse.
Hardware works best when it matters the least.
Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze: It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
Hark ye, Clinker, you are a most notorious offender.
Hark, the Herald Tribune sings, Advertising wondrous things.
Harley-Davidson motorcycles.
Harold had never wanted a woman so much in his life, upon overhearing the 22-year-old beauty remark that he was too old and out of shape for her.
Harp not on that string.
Harry cools the air in the balloon, and they descend to below the cloud cover.
Harry is heavily into camping, and every year in the late fall, he makes us all go to Assateague, which is an island on the Atlantic Ocean famous for its wild horses.
Harry's bar has a new cocktail.
Harvard's is a subtle taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco.
Has anyone ever tasted an end?
Has anyone had problems with the computer accounts?
Has anyone realized that the purpose of the fortune cookie program is to defuse project tensions?
Has everybody got HALVAH spread all over their ANKLES?
Has everyone noticed that all the letters of the word database are typed with the left hand?
Has given you the call.
Has lasted the rest of my life.
Has the great art and mystery of politics no apparent utility?
Hash missile sighted, target Los Angeles.
Hast thou not dragged Diana from her car?
Hast thou not torn the Naiad from her flood, The Elfin from the green grass, and from me The summer dream beneath the tamarind tree?
Hast thou slain the Jabberwock?
Hate me because I'm beautiful, smart and rich.
Hate the sin and love the sinner.
Hath he not sent me to the men which sit on the wall, that they may eat their own dung, and drink their own piss with you?
Hating the Yankees is as American as pizza pie, unwed mothers and cheating on your income tax.
Have I explained yet about the bytes?
Have a nice diurnal anomaly.
Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom.
Have a seat on me: please sit on the floor.
Have an adequate day.
Have fun with your chosen mode of existence!
Have mate's phone bugged.
Have no friends not equal to yourself.
Have the courage to take your own thoughts seriously, for they will shape you.
Have you disclosed so much that you're beginning to avoid people?
Have you ever asked what is the root of money?
Have you ever eaten an entire moose?
Have you ever felt like a wounded cow halfway between an oven and a pasture?
Have you ever seen me before?
Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?
Have you lived here all your life?
Have you locked your file cabinet?
Have you noticed that all you need to grow healthy, vigorous grass is a crack in your sidewalk?
Have you noticed the way people's intelligence capabilities decline sharply the minute they start waving guns around?
Have you reconsidered a computer career?
Have you seen how Sonny's burning, Like some bright erotic star, He lights up the proceedings, And raises the temperature.
Have you seen the latest Japanese camera?
Have you seen the old man in the closed down market, Kicking up the papers in his worn out shoes?
Have you seen the old man outside the sea-man's mission Memories fading like the metal ribbons that he wears.
Have you seen the well-to-do, up and down Park Avenue?
Have you thought about taking a hike?
Have you thought of becoming a salesperson?
Have you touched so many people that they're all beginning to feel the same?
Haven't you got a sense of humor?
Having a baby isn't so bad.
Having a wonderful wine, wish you were beer.
Having an ex you can bank on.
Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this.
Having children is like having a bowling alley installed in your brain.
Having found them, we shall then hate them for it.
Having no doubt; certain.
Having no talent is no longer enough.
Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
Having someone to blame.
Having the fewest wants, I am nearest to the gods.
Having the source code means that we are not held hostage by anyone's support department.
Having wandered helplessly into a blinding snowstorm Sam was greatly relieved to see a sturdy Saint Bernard dog bounding toward him with the traditional keg of brandy strapped to his collar.
Having worked for poor management, they no longer value their jobs.
Hawk, we're going to die.
He allows things to come and go.
He always held that panic was the best means of survival; back in the olden days, his theory went, people faced with hungry sabretoothed tigers could be divided very simply into those who panicked and those who stood there saying What a magnificent brute!
He ambles slowly into the saloon, goes up to the bar, leans over it, and says to the bartender, I'm here t'git the man that shot muh paw.
He answered, Your armpit's a beard!
He appears to be wearing the same clothes as the last time.
He asked his mother, Why doesn't HE have a lollipop?
He asked how long had it been that way.
He asked me where I live.
He asked, 'Why are you breaking into my house in the middle of the night?
He asserted that they could prepare the specifications, with the architecture team coordinating; it would be well-done and practical, and he could do it on schedule.
He asserted that they could write the specifications and do it right.
He avoided work as a rule, but had a quickness of wit that put his acquaintances in mind of a bright rodent.
He bought him a Mercedes Toy.
He brought death into the world.
He buys everything that looks good.
He caldwell in his joy.
He called her by her elvish name; And there she halted listening.
He calls out, Who's there?
He calls up his best friend, who is a mathematical genius.
He came back from his honeymoon a chastened man.
He came home, and next morning he was dead.
He can smile in the face of the most terrible thought: meaningless, aimless existence recurring eternally.
He can spare a share for a poor old troll For he don't need his shinbone.
He changes the domain.
He chortled in his joy.
He claims this is his, she said, obviously very upset.
He conducts me directionally parallel to non-torrential aqueous liquid.
He consistently refused to do anything which might ruffle or offend the criminal classes.
He continues, Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, 7 is prime, 9 is.
He could feel the water from the roof running down the back of his neck as he stood on the stoop.
He could have just picked up this phone and called you from here.
He creates himself by fashoning his own values; he has the pride to live by the values he wills.
He cried, and ran on.
He did decide, though, that with more time and a great deal of mental effort, he could probably turn the activity into an acceptable perversion.
He did not rate that text as a plucked hen Which says that Hackers are not holy men.
He did thirteen ducks that way and was digging a hole for another one when Tony found him.
He didn't know where he was going.
He didn't offer me nothing; he just said I could have the furniture.
He didn't run for reelection.
He died in Washington, D.
He does not desire to chant about anything with raving psychiatrists, but he sings about his gingivectomist, he dreams about a single cosmologist, he thinks about his dog.
He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument.
He dug little holes all over the yard and picked up the ducks in his mouth and put them in the holes.
He even has one of them mowing his lawn after work.
He even told you he'd be hurt if.
He explained that he was entering a horse in a race the following week and the three assembled guys had the job of assuring that the gangster's horse would win.
He explained that this would be contrary to the political concept of local self-sufficiency.
He explained this to a man who answered one door.
He fell silent for a while and then added, And he didn't understand me.
He finally broached the question to a lady he knew who held a black belt in judo.
He flung himself on his horse and rode madly off in all directions.
He found him in Mombasa, in a bar room drinking gin, Roland aimed his Thompson gun, he didn't say a word, But he blew Van Owen's body from there to Johannesburg.
He found out what kimosabe really means.
He gave a hollow laugh.
He gave her a look that you could have poured on a waffle.
He generally picks the wrong time to talk and says the wrong things.
He gently coiled himself around the rabbit.
He gets excited and starts pulling a trigger like another guy wipes his nose.
He glared at the driver and said, Big John doesn't pay!
He goes back out to the truck, and there's another animated conversation.
He goes over to his terminal and runs his program.
He grasps it firmly and the universe revolves around him.
He grew so fast no plotting pack could shrink him far enough.
He gripped the magician's shoulder hard, to keep from falling.
He guns the engines, only to realise that the plane is too big to get through the hangar doors.
He had been programming all night.
He had his face lifted, bought a toupee, ran five miles every day, lifted weights and adopted a strict vegetarian diet.
He had money as well.
He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly delightful.
He had threatened the Church's conventional argument for social and doctrinal stability: the static world order with planets circling about a central earth, priests subordinate to the Pope and serfs to their lord.
He had trouble metabolizing alcohol.
He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
He hadn't been surprised.
He has but doesn't possess, acts but doesn't expect.
He has dark circles under his eyes.
He has defeated the 130MB disk!
He has defeated your Ethernet board!
He has gone beyond the need for design; he does not become angry when the system crashes, but accepts the universe without concern.
He has gone beyond the need for documentation; he no longer cares if anyone else sees his code.
He has gone beyond the need for testing; each of his programs are perfect within themselves, serene and elegant, their purpose self-evident.
He has gone on a pilgrimage across the mountains to the temple of AI to seek out new disciples.
He has had his pajamas on for two, maybe three days now.
He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
He has not acquired a fortune; the fortune has acquired him.
He has several pencils sticking out from behind his ears and an almost maniacal expression on his face.
He has shown you, o man, what is good.
He hasn't the faintest idea.
He hated and loved what they hated and loved and he was invariably found on the side of those in power.
He hated his manipulative boss, his conniving and unethical co-workers, his greedy wife, and his snivelling, spoiled children.
He hath eaten me out of house and home.
He heard that a foal and his mummy are soon parted.
He heard there oft the flying sound Of feet as light as linden-leaves, Of music welling underground, In hidden hollows quavering.
He held another press conference, announcing that the division would be restructured.
He hid in the bushes to find out, which vitiated his premise but made him happy.
He hit a high fly right to the center fielder.
He hits you with a 575MB disk!
He hits your 130MB disk!
He hits your Ethernet board!
He invented Cliff's notes.
He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat.
He is a big star, so post to sci.
He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
He is a pig-headed fool.
He is amazed that a chicken is running at forty m.
He is at the height of his powers.
He is best known today for having written The Last Days of Pompeii.
He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
He is filled with the Tao.
He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way.
He is no lawyer who cannot take two sides.
He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
He is the best of men who dislikes power.
He is truly wise who gains wisdom from another's mishap.
He is up against a brick wall.
He is very different from me.
He is very, very like me from the heels up to the head; And I see him jump before me, when I jump into my bed.
He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
He just doesn't want to get involved.
He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.
He kept favoring curry.
He kept muttering something about jiffies and pegs,'' they say.
He knew the tavernes well in every toun.
He knows he doesn't know what he's doing, so he does it carefully and with great restraint.
He knows if you've been bad or good, He has ties with the CIA.
He knows it because he fired the guy.
He knows not how to know who knows not also how to unknow.
He knows when you've been sleeping, He know when you're awake.
He laughs at every joke three times.
He lets something fall.
He looked again and saw it was A penny postage stamp.
He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
He looks up, and shouts, Back to second if I can make it.
He looks upon the great transformations of the world, but he does not see them as they were seen when man looked upon reality for the first time.
He makes a great slide into third, and I scream, Brandy, where are you going?
He may catch all the others, but he won't catch me.
He may exist on nuts and berries, Or then again, on missionaries; His distant habitat precludes Conclusive knowledge of his moods.
He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
He must be properly interred.
He needs great talent, ten years experience and considerable systems and applications knowledge, whether in applied mathematics, business data handling, or whatever.
He never claimed to be a god.
He never saw that girl again.
He of all men should behave as though the law compelled him.
He peered between the hemlock-leaves And saw in wonder flowers of gold Upon her mantle and her sleeves, And her hair like shadow following.
He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
He plugs in his guitar and plays as loud as he wants, day and night, and there's no one to laugh or boo or even look bored.
He preferred people to be puzzled rather than contemptuous.
He preferred to drop the Maha- and the -atman, however, and called himself Sam.
He prostrates me in a green-belt grazing area.
He put on a cap and looked forward to watching people's faces as he conducted them round the choice of bumperless, dented junkmobiles.
He reached in his pocket, found a piece of paper on which he furiously scribbled some notes, thought it over, decided there was a fallacy in his idea, and threw the piece of paper away.
He really gives some effort to it.
He recently received a substational cash award from our government for inventing a device for optical scanning.
He remarked that, while the individual man is an insoluble puzzle, in the aggregate he becomes a mathematical certainty.
He repeated his warning, they shouted even louder.
He replied, I say Aaron Copeland.
He returns to original satisfaction levels my psychological makeup.
He rm'd, cp'd, and mv'd happily for many days, and upon finding elvis, he vi'd and was happy.
He said You needn't shout so loud.
He said You're sick, you're obscene.
He said he couldn't answer that, I told him sorry, but I couldn't work for him then.
He said nothing and walked out of the house.
He said this was normal because inmates sometimes missed roll-call or hid, but usually came back the next morning.
He said why don't you give me a call.
He said, But if you look at the Garden itself, in the beginning there was chaos and void, and out of that the Garden and the world were created.
He said, Do I know you?
He said, I am not fighting for you any more.
He said, I see you now, and you're so very young, But I've seen more battles lost than I have battles won, And I have this intuition that it's all for your fun.
He said, No hablo ingles.
He said,What you need is to grow up, son.
He said: Son, this world is rough, And if a man's gonna make it he's gotta be tough, And I knew I wouldn't be there to help you along.
He sat down at the controls and tried to figure them out.
He saw the elven-flowers spring About her feet, and healed again He longed by her to dance and sing Upon the grass untroubling.
He says Unix runs too slow!
He says he just found out he is the winner of the 2021 Psychic of the Year award.
He says that he has this totally tubular VAX at home and it's stuffed with memory-to-the-max!
He says that smoke is the thing that makes ICs work because every time you let the smoke out of an IC circuit, it stops working.
He scrubs the POPE with a mild soap or detergent for 15 minutes, starring JANE FONDA!
He seemed to enjoy it.
He sees Jimi Hendrix sitting next to him, tuning his guitar.
He sent her a picture of his brother Sam, She sent one from some past high school day, And it might have gone on for the rest of their lives, If they hadn't met in L.
He sets out a glass and pours her a triple shot of Rye.
He signed up for bodybuilding courses, karate, judo, and all that good stuff.
He silenced them and said these words: The day of judgment is either approaching or it is not.
He sought her ever, wandering far Where leaves of years were thickly strewn, By light of moon and ray of star In frosty heavens shivering.
He spent his time trying to feed and protect his beloved creatures of the sea.
He spent the night in a warehouse.
He spit out, Send: I'm a battleship, change course 20 degrees.
He started off, only to turn and come back before reaching the green.
He strolled over to the side of the car and asked, Ach, lass, are you SURE you want to know?
He stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an agressive Rhode Island Red hopped on top.
He succeeded only in falling over and bruising his forehead.
He switches me on to a positive behavioral format for maximal prestige of His identity.
He talks of peace if it is the only way to live.
He that answereth a matter before he heareth it, it is folly and shame unto him.
He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
He that bringeth a present, findeth the door open.
He that composes himself is wiser than he that composes a book.
He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
He that teaches himself has a fool for a master.
He that would govern others, first should be the master of himself.
He then said: If a man does not see or hear the waters of the Jordan, then he should not taste the pomegranate or ply his wares in an open market.
He then stood aghast as the man stuffed the broken bottle in his mouth, munched broken glass and smacked his lips with relish.
He thinks a jacket is just getting broken in about the time it develops holes in the elbows.
He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
He thinks the Gettysburg Address is where Lincoln lived.
He thought for several minutes before replying.
He thought he saw an albatross That fluttered 'round the lamp.
He thought of Musashi, the Sword Saint, standing in his garden more than three hundred years ago.
He told me later that he had never seen such a program in his entire career.
He told me, he says, I have to kill you because you can identify me.
He told the operator, This is a parson to parson call.
He took a seat next to a hulking bruiser of a man who happened to be the heavyweight champion of the world.
He turned and walked slowly down the stream for twenty yards, splashed across it, and walked slowly back on the other side.
He turns to a gorgeous woman, who is obviously windowshopping, looks her straight in the eye and says, I can tell by your eyes that you really want that necklace.
He walked over and spoke with her for a few minutes, then returned to the front desk, where they checked in as Mr.
He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
He wants to bring me down.
He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
He was a modest, good-humored boy.
He was about to settle down among them when a bee buzzed up and said, Hold it, stupid, that's flypaper.
He was asked about many things, but I will give you two examples that are very revealing about life in the Soviet Union.
He was giving it last rites.
He was going to make a long-distance caw.
He was going to suck my blood!
He was handed over to the bishop of Durango who excommunicated him and returned him to the army where he was then executed.
He was introduced to me, at which time he pointed out that we were both holding bags of popcorn.
He was looking at Spold in the same way as a dog looks at a bone, only in this case things were more or less the other way around.
He was not an insurance salesman in Raleigh, did not win the lottery, neither he nor his mother was charged or involved in any way with vehicular homicide, and he made no comment about Flipper or George Wilson.
He was not only inept, he was a coward, he could not handle the horses, he was, in short, a complete flop.
He was released in 1917, emigrated to America and lived until 1933.
He was right on both counts.
He was so excited by the prospect of helping his dolphins that he stepped absentmindedly stepped over the sleeping lion on his way back to his car.
He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
He was something of an animist, however, and felt that the car really ought to have a name.
He was subsequently nicknamed Hot Lips.
He wasn't there again today.
He wears a Rolex watch, because it weighs nearly six pounds and is advertised only in excellence-oriented publications such as Fortune and Rich Protestant Golfer Magazine.
He went duck hunting one time and did real well at it.
He went rebounding back.
He went weehawken back.
He whipped one back at me.
He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.
He who attacks the fundamentals of the American broadcasting industry attacks democracy itself.
He who despairs over an event is a coward, but he who holds hopes for the human condition is a fool.
He who despises himself nevertheless esteems himself as a self-despiser.
He who enters his wife's dressing room is a philosopher or a fool.
He who fears the unknown may one day flee from his own backside.
He who fights and runs away lives to fight another day.
He who foresees calamities suffers them twice over.
He who has a Tates is lost!
He who has a shady past knows that nice guys finish last.
He who has but four and spends five has no need for a wallet.
He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much a master of the world as he who is ready to die.
He who has the gold makes the rules.
He who hates vices hates mankind.
He who hesitates is last.
He who hesitates is lunch.
He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
He who is content with his lot probably has a lot.
He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.
He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
He who is intoxicated with wine will be sober again in the course of the night, but he who is intoxicated by the cupbearer will not recover his senses until the day of judgement.
He who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon.
He who knows and knows not that he knows is asleep.
He who knows himself is enlightened.
He who knows not and knows not that he knows not is a fool.
He who knows not and knows that he knows not is ignorant.
He who knows nothing, knows nothing.
He who knows others is wise.
He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
He who knows, does not speak.
He who laughs does not believe in what he laughs at, but neither does he hate it.
He who laughs has not yet heard the bad news.
He who laughs last didn't get the joke.
He who laughs last hasn't been told the terrible truth.
He who laughs last is probably your boss.
He who laughs last usually had to have joke explained.
He who laughs, lasts.
He who lives without folly is less wise than he believes.
He who loses, wins the race, And parallel lines meet in space.
He who makes a beast of himself gets rid of the pain of being a man.
He who minds his own business is never unemployed.
He who practices it will have neighbors.
He who renders warfare fatal to all engaged in it will be the greatest benefactor the world has yet known.
He who shouts the loudest has the floor.
He who slings mud generally loses ground.
He who speaks, does not know.
He who spends a storm beneath a tree, takes life with a grain of TNT.
He who steps on others to reach the top has good balance.
He who turns the other cheek too far gets it in the neck.
He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
He who writes with no misspelled words has prevented a first suspicion on the limits of his scholarship or, in the social world, of his general education and culture.
He will have nothing but the tools which may help him in doing his work, but of these he has a large assortment, and all in the most perfect order.
He will need laws, said the Demon slyly.
He will not be fired, even if the project is canceled.
He will say: Yes, we can do business!
He will take full advantage of his staff.
He will tell all his friends about his own affairs, though, so they can be ready if he needs an alibi.
He will work on a problem himself until it either goes away or turns into something that can't be fixed without special tools.
He works for gangsters and bumps guys off when they have been put on the spot.
He would cite as examples Military Science, Library Science, Political Science, Homemaking Science, Social Science, and Computer Science.
He'd become aware of the will of the wisp.
He'll kiss it and make it better.
He's a UNIX wizard, There has to be a twist.
He's a guy with the happy knack!
He's a sable collie, with three legs, blind in his left eye, is missing part of his right ear and the tip of his tail.
He's a very sick man.
He's been like a father to me, He's the only DJ you can get after three, I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band, And why he don't like me I don't understand.
He's been recently fixed.
He's fictional, but you can't have everything.
He's gonna bring up VMS!
He's got the whole world in his nose.
He's just a politician trying to save both his faces.
He's just like Capistrano, always ready for a few swallows.
He's just working late.
He's really a very quiet man and doesn't even shout at me.
He's the brains of the outfit.
He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd be there.
He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is.
He's trying to ignore.
Head, being sophisticated in mechanism but possibly agile operating under noises being extremely suppressed etc.
Heads go up, up, up, and ten thousand penguins fall over gently onto their backs.
Health and vigor will vanish like the dew before the sun.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
Hear about the Californian terrorist that tried to blow up a bus?
Hear about the young Chinese woman who just won the lottery?
Hear me, my chiefs, I am tired; my heart is sick and sad.
Heard that the next Space Shuttle is supposed to carry several Guernsey cows?
Hearing something you like about someone you don't.
Hearing this, the man was Enlightened.
Hearsay evidence is inadmissible because the person quoted was unsworn and is not before the court for examination; yet most momentous actions, military, political, commercial and of every other kind, are daily undertaken on hearsay evidence.
Hearts will never be practical until they can be made unbreakable.
Heaven help them if they ever start reading comp.
Heaven knows it's little enough.
Heaven loses fifty times as much heat as the Earth by radiation.
Heavens, they're tasty and expeditious!
Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
Heed no hoary willow!
Hegel must be taking the long view.
Hegel must have been taking the long view.
Heisenberg may have been here.
Heisenberg may have slept here.
Heisengberg might have been here.
Helen, why didn't you write when you learned you were pregnant?
Helens should have used earth control.
Hell - this is going to be a blood bath!
Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play?
Hell's Angels on the freeway.
Hello again, Peabody here.
Hello, little buddy, what are we doing these days?
Help a swallow land at Capistrano.
Help fight continental drift.
Help me, I'm a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!
Help stamp out and abolish redundancy and repetition.
Helpless users with projects due Scream My God!
Helpsavering apparata in emergings behold many whistles!
Hence University education.
Hence it has been again and again unconditionally proclaimed that there are no limits to the privilege so far as words seek to affect only the hearers' beliefs and not their conduct.
Hence, descriptions of a software entity that abstract away its complexity often abstract away its essence.
Her beauty was like a beautiful horse being ridden by a wild monkey.
Her bloodshot eyes fell upon her husband, who says, And all these years you've been thinkin' I've been enjoying meself.
Her input was always critical.
Her mantle glinted in the moon, As on a hill-top high and far She danced, and at her feet was strewn A mist of silver quivering.
Her name is the Enterprise.
Her question was, Excuse me; what's your opinion on the meat shortage?
Her reply was forthright: The Editors that has spoken in this scandalous manner have went beyond reason.
Her reply: He can have a lollipop any time he wants to.
Her spirit was wild, like a wild monkey.
Her voice was little more than a whisper.
Here I am at the flea market but nobody is buying my urine sample bottles.
Here I am, a computer with a mind a thousand times as powerful as yours, doing nothing but cranking out fortunes and sending mail about softball games.
Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
Here I sit, broken-hearted, All logged in, but work unstarted.
Here Is Your Chance To Know More About Sex.
Here also are the headlights, air inlet and exhaust, a bumper and a foghorn.
Here and now, as opposed to fake time, which only occurs there and then.
Here at the Phone Company, we serve all kinds of people; from Presidents and Kings to the scum of the earth.
Here comes the orator, with his flood of words and his drop of reason.
Here in New York we really don't care too much.
Here is a letter, read it at your leisure.
Here is a simple experiment that will teach you an important electrical lesson: On a cool, dry day, scuff your feet along a carpet, then reach your hand into a friend's mouth and touch one of his dental fillings.
Here is a test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: if you're alive, it isn't.
Here is a town where the major urban problem is dutch elm disease and the number one crime is overtime parking.
Here is an Appalachian version of management's answer to those who are concerned with the fate of the project: Don't worry about the mule.
Here is an approximate translation, where I have written artist as equivalent of lekare.
Here is the fact of the week, maybe even the fact of the month.
Here lies a man with sundry flaws Weil es uns dunkt er sei verreckt.
Here lies an honest man and a lawyer, responded the lawyer.
Here the redbrick warehouses double as carcass galleries and rat hives, the Manhattan fauna seeking its necessary level, living or dead.
Here there be tygers.
Here too you find the heavy faggot hangouts, The Spike, the Water Closet, the Mother Load.
Here we are in America.
Here's a guinea; go and bury twenty of them.
Here's an easy game to play.
Here's an easy thing to say: If a packet hits a pocket on a socket on a port, And the bus is interrupted as a very last resort, And the address of the memory makes your floppy disk abort, Then the socket packet pocket has an error to report!
Here's another of those self-satisfied doors.
Here's to the Minneapple.
Here, there is no such mobility.
Hermann Hesse was a Pisces.
Heuristics are bug ridden by definition.
Heuristics weaken the mind.
Hey Ivan, check your six.
Hey bartender, gimme a whiskey!
Hey you stinking fat Russian, get off my Ford Escort.
Hey, Jim, it's me, Susie Lillis from the laundromat.
Hey, Sam, how about a loan?
Hey, aren't you the string I just threw out of here?
Hey, bartender, gimme a whiskey.
Hey, buddy, the bartender replied, you see those two guys next to you?
Hey, diddle, diddle the overflow pdl To get a little more stack; If that's not enough then you lose it all And have to pop all the way back.
Hey, it's there all right!
Hey, there, pardner, I'd like some beef, not too rare, and some of them fresh biscuits, he tells the counterman.
Hi, I'm Professor Alan Ginsburg.
Hi, said the gentleman at the wheel.
Hickory Dickory Dock, The mice ran up the clock, The clock struck one, The others escaped with minor injuries.
Hidalgo was later defeated at Guadalajara.
Hidden, they hold your interest; revealed, they're of no interest except to fetishists.
Hide Its Head in the Sand Like an Ostrich?
Hideously disfigured by an ancient Indian curse?
Hier liegt ein Mann ganz obnegleich; Im Leibe dick, an Suden reich.
High heels are a device invented by a woman who was tired of being kissed on the forehead.
High level and assembler depend on each other.
High praise, indeed, and it may tempt you to savour a typically rewarding stanza: It is taken from I loved a lass and is concerned with the higher emotions.
High-endian and low-endian define each other.
Higher education helps your earning capacity.
Hill House, not sane, stood by itself against its hills, holding darkness within; it had stood so for eighty years and might stand for eighty more.
Hindsight is an exact science.
Hint for the answer: not everything is computer-oriented.
Hire someone to do it for you.
Hire the morally handicapped.
His attempt at the Golden Fish Fry Restaurant in Manchester ended after 36 hours 10 minutes, when he was accused of disturbing the peace.
His aunt said that nobody plays the violin better than he does.
His brain is affected, said the blind doctor.
His childish pride he often pleases By giving people strange diseases.
His comrades fought beside him, Van Owen and the rest, But of all the Thompson gunners, Roland was the best.
His console, when he typed, a man might hear Clicking and feeping wind as clear, Aye, and as loud as does the machine room bell Where my lord Hacker was Prior of the cell.
His customary dwelling place Is deep within the human race.
His designs were strictly honourable, as the phrase is: that is, to rob a lady of her fortune by way of marriage.
His dissertation is the sort of work you don't expect to see these days; in it he has definitely demonstrated his complete capabilities.
His elephant was a hypothesis, and our hypotheses are elephants.
His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
His experiment backfired too, and he wound up with bony jellyfish.
His father called him, but he could not go, For he loved those peanuts so.
His fingers danced upon the keyboard.
His followers called him Mahasamatman and said he was a god.
His girlfriend is a chlorine at the Palladium.
His great aim was to escape from civilization, and, as soon as he had money, he went to Southern California.
His hair hasn't been combed for many days.
His handling officer, Rick Grim, had to admit: He just won't go up and bite them.
His heart is as open as the ether.
His heart was yours from the first moment that you met.
His host, somewhat hostile, began by defining a Clint Eastwood picture as a violent, ruthless, lawless, and bloody piece of mayhem, and then asked Eastwood himself to define a Clint Eastwood picture.
His idea was to provide an equation that would describe a quantity that would dwindle and dwindle, but never quite reach zero.
His ideas of first-aid stopped short of squirting soda water.
His job is to enforce the law and fight crime.
His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.
His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.
His numerous letters and queries remained unanswered.
His performance is so wooden you want to spray him with Liquid Pledge.
His presentation to my seminar last semester was truly remarkable: one unbelievable result after another.
His students planted a small orchard in his honor; the trees all have square roots.
His sword was long, his lance was keen, his shining helm afar was seen; the countless stars of heaven's field were mirrored in his silver shield.
His unique critical faculties had lost none of their edge.
His wife asked, Don't you love your children?
His wishes, his thoughts, his gestures, his noises command the universe.
Historians have now definitely established that Juan Cabrillo, discoverer of California, was not looking for Kansas, thus setting a precedent that continues to this day.
Historically, he was merely trying to work out his mortgage.
History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.
History has furnished us with two executioners worthy of attention.
History has much to say on following the proper procedures.
History is a tool used by politicians to justify their intentions.
History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles, cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
History is the version of past events that people have decided to agree on.
History is written by the survivors.
History repeats itself only if one does not listen the first time.
History repeats itself.
History shows that the human mind, fed by constant accessions of knowledge, periodically grows too large for its theoretical coverings, and bursts them asunder to appear in new habiliments, as the feeding and growing grub, at intervals, casts its too narrow skin and assumes another.
History teaches us that men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all other alternatives.
History tends to exaggerate.
Hit them biscuits with another touch of gravy, Burn that sausage just a match or two more done.
Hitting a tree is simply bad luck and has no place in a scientific game.
Hoaars-Faisse Gallery presents: An exhibit of works by the artist known only as Pretzel.
Hodie natus est radici frater.
Hofstadter's Law into account.
Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no substitute for a good blaster at your side.
Hold a candle to the night, And see the darkness bend the flame.
Holiday Inn desk clerks.
Holland festival and they promised to rehearse.
Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
Holmes department store, studying the crowd of people for signs of bad taste in dress.
Holy cow, he thinks to himself, this guy is my idol.
Home also I cannot go.
Home centers are designed for the do-it-yourselfer who's willing to pay higher prices for the convenience of being able to shop for lumber, hardware, and toasters all in one location.
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is to a cockatoo.
Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.
Home, Sweet Home must surely have been written by a bachelor.
Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
Honesty is for the most part less profitable than dishonesty.
Honesty is the best policy - there's less competition.
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
Honesty pays, but it doesn't seem to pay enough to suit some people.
Honesty's the best policy.
Honey, said her husband, the whole car's the ash tray.
Honi soit la vache qui rit.
Honi soit qui mal y pense.
Honig said, up to the mathematicians.
Honk if you hate bumper stickers that say Honk if.
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
Hop along my little friends, up the Withywindle!
Hop along, my hearties!
Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
Hope is a waking dream.
Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
Hope this one doesn't happen to you.
Hoping to goodness is not theologically sound.
Hopper said that when the veracity of her story was questioned recently, I referred them to my 1945 log book, now in the collection of the Naval Surface Weapons Center, and they found the remains of that moth taped to the page in question.
Horace's best ode would not please a young woman as much as the mediocre verses of the young man she is in love with.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
Horses are forbidden to eat fire hydrants in Marshalltown, Iowa.
Horses have an even number of legs.
Hot Water with my feet!
Hot air for a cool breeze?
Hotels are tired of getting ripped off.
Houdini escaping from New Jersey!
House recede from its disagreement to the Senate amendment making changes in the bill to reduce fiscal 1986 deficits.
House representatives are not mollified, however, wanting to see the terms of the deal first, fearing another Alaska.
Houses are for people to live in.
Housework can kill you if done right.
Houston, Tranquillity Base here.
Hovering there I've chased the shouting wind along and flung My eager craft through footless halls of air.
How about a little smooch for your old man?
How about an example?
How about: Here is my wife, please take her right now.
How apt the poor are to be proud.
How are things going?
How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil?
How beautiful are thy feet with shoes, O prince's daughter!
How beautiful, how entrancing you are, my loved one, daughter of delights!
How can I miss you if you won't go away?
How can something get so bad, so quickly?
How can such an unnatural entity exist?
How can there be a building, that has no floor?
How can there be a program, that has no end?
How can there be an Apple, that has no core?
How can there be an upgrade, with no cryin'?
How can you be in two places at once when you're not anywhere at all?
How can you do 'New Math' problems with an 'Old Math' mind?
How can you eliminate them?
How can you govern a nation which has 246 kinds of cheese?
How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
How can you pilot a spacecraft if you can't find your way around your own apartment?
How can you prove whether at this moment we are sleeping, and all our thoughts are a dream; or whether we are awake, and talking to one another in the waking state?
How can you tell if an elephant is in your refrigerator?
How can you tell if four elephants are in your refrigerator?
How can you tell if three elephants are in your refrigerator?
How can you tell if two elephants are in your refrigerator?
How can you tell me you're lonely, And say for you the sun don't shine?
How can you tell when a Burroughs salesman is lying?
How can you think and hit at the same time?
How can you work when the system's so crowded?
How come everyone's going so slow if it's called rush hour?
How come financial advisors never seem to be as wealthy as they claim they'll make you?
How come only your friends step on your new white sneakers?
How come we never talk anymore?
How come wrong numbers are never busy?
How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards in reasoning, and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
How could a language so obviously designed and written by Real Men not be intended for Real Man use?
How could it be otherwise?
How could three different government agencies be wrong?
How could you be so stupid?
How could you do this to me after all the pain I went through?
How curious, said the lemming.
How did you get into artificial intelligence?
How did you spend the weekend?
How difficult can it be?
How do you catch a tame rabbit?
How do you catch a unique rabbit?
How do you explain Wayne Newton's POWER over millions?
How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
How do you find out what your network number is?
How do you keep a moron in suspense?
How do you know she is a unicorn?
How do you play religious roulette?
How do you save a drowning lawyer?
How do you shoot a blue elephant?
How do you shoot a pink elephant?
How do you stop an elephant from charging?
How do you think I feel?
How does the Polish Constitution differ from the American?
How ever would you do a garden without one?
How goes the battle plan?
How in the world would he ever explain the situation to the burly brute when he awakened?
How is the world ruled, and how do wars start?
How kind of you to be willing to live someone's life for them.
How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
How long does it take a DEC field service engineer to change a lightbulb?
How long does it take?
How long is the banana?
How long will it take it I assign ten programmers to it?
How many Bavarian Illuminati does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many Bell Labs Vice Presidents does it take to change a light bulb?
How many Californians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many DEC repairman does it take to fix a flat?
How many Harvard MBA's does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many IBM 370's does it take to execute a job?
How many IBM CPU's does it take to do a logical right shift?
How many IBM CPU's does it take to execute a job?
How many IBM types does it take to change a light bulb?
How many Martians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many Marxists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many NASA managers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many Oregonians does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many QA engineers does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many Unix hacks does it take to change a light bulb?
How many WASPs does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many Zen Buddhist does it take to change a light bulb?
How many Zen masters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many bureaucrats does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many college football players does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many coming men has one known!
How many comrades have we lost in this way?
How many elephants can you fit in a VW Bug?
How many existentialists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many fingers am I holding up, Winston?
How many hardware engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many hardware guys does it take to change a light bulb?
How many have even a weekly astronomy column?
How many hors d'oeuvres you are allowed to take off a tray being carried by a waiter at a nice party?
How many journalists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many lawyers does it take to change a light bulb?
How many marketing people does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many nuclear engineers does it take to change a light bulb ?
How many people work here?
How many priests are needed for a Boston Mass?
How many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many seconds are there in a year?
How many software engineers does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many supply-siders does it take to change a light bulb?
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?
How many surrealists does it take to screw in a lightbulb?
How many system programmers does it take to change a light bulb?
How many teamsters does it take to screw in a light bulb?
How many tech writers does it take to change a lightbulb?
How many times do we have to tell you, No prior art!
How many times have I told you to be careful?
How many times have you comitted suicide?
How many weeks are there in a light year?
How much did we here at the government take out?
How much did you make?
How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to Dayton?
How much does it cost to ride the Unibus?
How much does it cost?
How much does she love you?
How much for your women?
How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?
How much of their influence on you is a result of your influence on them?
How much patience you have, for instance.
How much will you charge to paint my porch?
How much would you pay for it?
How neat she spreads the wax!
How often I found where I should be going only by setting out for somewhere else.
How often should you test it?
How old is the taxi driver?
How sharper than a hound's tooth it is to have a thankless serpent.
How sharper than a serpent's tooth is a sister's See?
How should I know if it works?
How should he love thee?
How skillfully she builds her cell!
How tacky can ya get?
How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
How times have changed, one observer remarked: many in the room recalled the advent of direct dialing.
How to keep people from hanging out in front of the Dover.
How to make a million dollars: First, get a million dollars.
How to prepare them for the shock?
How untasteful can you get?
How very nice for authority.
How well did I behave.
How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
How wonderful, came the cool reply.
How would I know if I believe in love at first sight?
How you look depends on where you go.
However cans have been known on occasion to explode, or contain extremely un-beer-like contents.
However, 31 was the only candidate to receive none at all.
However, Cosmotronic Software Unlimited Inc.
However, I am told that a horseshoe will bring you good luck whether you believe in it or not.
However, I do not see why the affair should be concealed from the wife.
However, I have noted that the healthy release of emotion is frequently unhealthy for those closest to you.
However, I have read that one elbow, in between courses, is all right.
However, a substitute for an amendment to and amendment to a motion may be adopted and the substitute may be amended.
However, he got the idea from a man who almost invented it.
However, if a sheep stole a loaf of bread and gave it to you, you would only be tried for receiving, a crime punishable by forty lashes with the cat or the dog, whichever was handy.
However, if you call a grown-up by a child's name for the sake of implying that she has a youthful body, you are also implying that she has a brain to match.
However, it's a pretty small price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands computers.
However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner.
However, nobody bought a ticket since the soloist was unknown.
However, on religious issures there can be little or no compromise.
However, pseudocode that is highly detailed - approaching the level of detail of the code itself - is not of much use as maintenance documentation.
However, she has made note to quickly put together a totem of sweaty, sordid static straps, random bits of wire, flecks of once meaniful oxide, bus grant cards, gummy worms, and some bits of old pdp backplane to hang above the machine room.
However, sources inside the organization say that each time the machine fails to think it ceases to exist.
However, the can is divided into 8 compartments of 2 oz.
However, the fact that it is possible to push a pea up a mountain with your nose does not mean that this is a sensible way of getting it there.
However, the family of these unfortunate would-be knights was compensated with a beautiful sheepdog from the royal kennels, which was itself a fairly valuable possession.
However, there are drawbacks!
However, they were unable to complete the arrest because the warrant was made out in the name of Don Provan, while the only person in the house was named don provan.
However, this all means jack when you listen to Pink Floyd.
However, with an efficiency that is truly heartening, Mariner I plunged into the Atlantic Ocean only four minutes after takeoff.
However, your neighbor is always wasting money that should be yours by judging things by their price.
Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!
Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
Human cardiac catheterization was introduced by Werner Forssman in 1929.
Human intellectual capacity has not altered for thousands of years so far as we can tell.
Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
Human memory was shown to reside in 1 million Q-registers as Huffman coded uppercase-only ASCII strings.
Human resources are human first, and resources second.
Human skin is actually made up of billions of tiny units of protoplasm, called cells!
Human society - man in a group - rises out of its lethargy to new levels of productivity only under the stimulus of deeply inspiring and commonly appreciated goals.
Human unity is the fulfillment of diversity.
Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature.
Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
Humans are communications junkies.
Humans exposed to the oxygen concentrations die within a few minutes.
Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
Humor in the Court: Q.
Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse.
Humoring them costs nothing and adds happiness in a world in which happiness is always in short supply.
Humorists always sit at the children's table.
Humpty Dumpty repeated thoughtfully.
Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall!
Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore.
Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.
Hunger and War do not mean a thing; Everything's rosy where'er we roam; Hark, how the little birds gaily sing!
Hurd beer: Long advertised by the popular and politically active GNU brewery, so far it has more head than body.
Husbands, good or bad, always have rivals.
Hustling the senoritas, While they dance beneath the stars.
Hyphenate between sy-llables and avoid un-necessary hyphens.
I Bachtrian or Dromedary?
I DO want your money, because god wants your money!
I DON'T THINK I'M ALONE when I say I'd like to see more and more planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
I GUESS I'LL NEVER FORGET HER.
I ain't broke, but I'm badly bent.
I allow the world to live as it chooses, and I allow myself to live as I choose.
I almost choked, he said afterwards.
I also have a television series coming on next week, and everyone says it's going to be a big hit!
I also present this view as an upbeat for science, not as a gloomy epitaph for a noble hope sacrificed on the alter of human limitations.
I always carry a razor-sharp knife in my pocket, and as soon as I am bitten, I make deep criss-cross marks across the fang entry and then suck the poison from the wound.
I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their good intellects.
I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
I always have fun because I'm out of my mind!
I always let people get ahead of me at swimming pools.
I always pass on good advice.
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
I always seemed to be laboring under.
I always thought computer professional was the phrase hackers used when they meant idiot.
I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's accomplishments.
I always vote against.
I always wake up at the crack of ice.
I am a HAL 9000 computer.
I am a conscientious man, when I throw rocks at seabirds I leave no tern unstoned.
I am a deeply superficial person.
I am a friend of the working man, and I would rather be his friend than be one.
I am a great thief, renowned for my feats of shoplifting.
I am a man: nothing human is alien to me.
I am a traffic light, and Alan Ginzberg kidnapped my laundry in 1927!
I am absolutely terrified of yams.
I am always satisfied with the best.
I am approached with the most opposite opinions and advice, and by men who are equally certain that they represent the divine will.
I am aware of, that conditions nothing so simple as a choice between the poles of attraction and repulsion.
I am bored by thoughts of death.
I am changing my name to Chrysler I am going down to Washington, D.
I am changing my name to Chrysler, I am heading for that great receiving line.
I am convinced that the manufacturers of carpet odor removing powder have included encapsulated time released cat urine in their products.
I am convinced that the truest act of courage is to sacrifice ourselves for others in a totally nonviolent struggle for justice.
I am covered with pure vegetable oil and I am writing a best seller!
I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.
I am extremely poorly educated.
I am firmly opposed to the spread of microchips either to the home or to the office, We have more than enough of them foisted upon us in public places.
I am going, said Nasrudin, to be hanged on that gallows.
I am here by the will of the people and I won't leave until I get my raincoat back.
I am just a nice, clean-cut Mongolian boy.
I am late to anything: I came by subway.
I am leaving because I am bored.
I am looking for a honest man.
I am more bored than you could ever possibly be.
I am never startled by a fish.
I am not a political scientist, but I understand the system very well.
I am not a politician and my other habits are also good.
I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question.
I am not afraid of picking up door knobs.
I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
I am not an Economist.
I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
I am not sure what this is, but an 'F' would only dignify it.
I am not sure whether it accepts me.
I am not surprised he failed, his wife said afterwards.
I am pleased to say that this candidate is a former colleague of mine.
I am pleased to see that we have differences.
I am ready to meet my Maker.
I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
I am scarcely likely to believe in such foolish nonsense.
I am serious, and stop calling me Shirley.
I am so optimistic about beef prices that I've just leased a pot roast with an option to buy.
I am spitting out all the bitterness, Along with half of my last drink.
I am stealing ideas, he said.
I am superior to you in every way by training and expertise in the technical field.
I am sure that either the one or the other is mistaken in the belief, and perhaps in some respects, both.
I am the mother of all things, and all things should wear a sweater.
I am told that he appears to be strong and rosy, and steadily sane.
I am training a randomly wired neural net to play Tic-Tac-Toe.
I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so.
I am two with nature.
I am very fond of the company of ladies.
I am warning them today: I will fight them every step of the way if they try to dictate their moral convictions to all Americans in the name of conservatism.
I am, and the statement It is necessary that if someone is a better logician than I am then someone is a better logician than I am is false because there need not have been any me.
I am, in point of fact, a particularly haughty and exclusive person, of pre-Adamite ancestral descent.
I am, therefore I am.
I appoint you ambassador to Fantasy Island!
I appreciate the fact that this draft was done in haste, but some of the sentences that you are sending out in the world to do your work for you are loitering in taverns or asleep beside the highway.
I apprehend, or I imagine a thing to be so or so; or so it appears to me at present.
I argued that the concession stand prices were outrageous.
I ask nothing but sincerity.
I ask only one thing.
I ask this in my capacity as your elected intermediary between yourself and that which may not be yourself, but which may have an interest in the matter of your receiving as much as it is possible for you to receive of this thing, and which may in some way be influenced by this ceremony.
I asked for an invitation for Heinrich too, as often as it seemed possible, when Paulus and I were invited to a social gathering.
I asked for and obtained her blessing and at once commenced the career of a robber.
I asked him, What do you say?
I assure you the thought never even crossed my mind, lord.
I attribute my success to intelligence, guts, determination, honesty, ambition, and having enough money to buy people with those qualities.
I base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
I became operational at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred ninety-five.
I become homicidal when people try to reason with me.
I began many years ago, as so many young men do, in searching for the perfect woman.
I believe I smell as good as most people.
I believe a little incompatibility is the spice of life, particularly if he has income and she is pattable.
I believe everything positively stinks.
I believe he will have a heart attack or retire or be removed.
I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
I believe it is a mistake to make a mock of people, just because they think.
I believe it was born with the yelping, howling, growling and snarling of wild beasts.
I believe no such thing, my good friend.
I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this country what it once was.
I believe that a factual reality exists and that science, though often in an obtuse and erratic manner, can learn about it.
I believe that if people would learn to use LSD's vision-inducing capability more wisely, under suitable conditions, in medical practice and in conjution with meditation, then in the future this problem child could become a wonder child.
I believe that part of what propels science is the thirst for wonder.
I believe that people should marry for life, like pigeons and Catholics.
I believe that professional wrestling is clean and everything else in the world is fixed.
I believe that the moment is near when by a procedure of active paranoiac thought, it will be possible to systematize confusion and contribute to the total discrediting of the world of reality.
I believe the use of noise to make music will increase until we reach a music produced through the aid of electrical instruments which will make available for musical purposes any and all sounds that can be heard.
I believed that if I looked long enough, and hard enough, I would find her and then I would be secure for life.
I bet the human brain is a kludge.
I bet your mama was tent show queen And all her girlfriends were sweet sixteen I'm no school boy but I know what I like You should have heard me just around midnight.
I blew up their planet.
I blinked and answered Neon, I thought I'd blow her mind.
I bought some used paint.
I brake for chezlogs!
I call them as I see them.
I called my parents the other night, but I forgot about the time difference.
I came home the other day and saw him taping worms to the sidewalk, he sits there and watches the birds get hernias.
I came home the other night and tried to open the door with my car keys.
I came out of twelve years of college and I didn't even know how to sew.
I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.
I came, I saw, I did a little shopping.
I can assure you on the highest authority that data processing is a fad and won't last out the year.
I can feel for her because, although I have never been an Alaskan prostitute dancing on the bar in a spangled dress, I still get very bored with washing and ironing and dishwashing and cooking day after relentless day.
I can find it myself.
I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
I can have something of yours to press against my heart.
I can hire one half of the working class to kill the other half.
I can mend the break of day, heal a broken heart, and provide temporary relief to nymphomaniacs.
I can only plead that my simple, barely-sentient friend and myself are underprivileged, deprived and also college students.
I can only tell the truth.
I can read your mind, and you should be ashamed of yourself.
I can relate to that.
I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs.
I can resist anything but temptation.
I can see him a'comin' With his big boots on, With his big thumb out, He wants to get me.
I can see it, but it's not there.
I can stand the despair.
I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent.
I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
I can write programs in APL, but I can't read any of them.
I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
I can't decide whether to commit suicide or go bowling.
I can't decide which WRONG TURN to make first!
I can't die until the government finds a safe place to bury my liver.
I can't even understand the people who can understand it.
I can't mate in captivity.
I can't seem to bring myself to say, Well, I guess I'll be toddling along.
I can't stand anything that shivers when it's warm.
I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
I can't tell you how happy I am that she left our firm.
I can't think about that.
I can't think why not.
I can't understand it.
I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas.
I cannot affirm God if I fail to affirm man.
I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour.
I cannot draw a cart, nor eat dried oats; If it be man's work I will do it.
I cannot help saying that Americans lack this necessary challenging spirit today.
I cannot overemphasize the importance of good grammar.
I cannot read or write.
I cannot recall the last time something like that happened in politics or religion.
I cannot reccommend him too highly.
I cant spell worth a dam.
I changed my headlights the other day.
I chased down the error and fixed it.
I checked into a hotel and they had towels from my house.
I checked your Christmas Club account.
I close my eyes for a moment and then log off.
I collected replies to an article I wrote, and now it's time to summarize.
I collected some of their Proverbs.
I come before you to stand behind you, To tell you something I know nothing about.
I come from a small town whose population never changed.
I consider a new device or technology to have been culturally accepted when it has been used to commit a murder.
I consider that cooking.
I consider the day misspent that I am not either charged with a crime, or arrested for one.
I construe that perforce it must be one of two alternative duties, as given below.
I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?
I could come to any conclusion it occurred to me that my speech or my silence, indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility.
I could dance with you till the cows come home.
I could easily overemphasize the importance of good grammar.
I could have answered it if I had been there.
I could have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing.
I could never give assent to the long complicated statements of Christian dogma.
I could never spend it all.
I could never stand to see anyone like that, especially when they were old like this one was.
I could no sooner give it up that I could the very air that I breath.
I could not tell the girl about the woman of the tollway, of her milk white BMW and her Jordache smile.
I couldn't get mail through so I'm posting it.
I couldn't get mail through to somebody on another site.
I couldn't possibly fail to disagree with you less.
I couldn't remember the proof.
I couldn't remember things until I took that Sam Carnegie course.
I couldn't remember when I had been so disappointed.
I couldn't wait to go back to the United States.
I cremated Sam McGee.
I decided not to learn this particular lesson.
I demand smell, he shrilled.
I demand that you log off immediately.
I despise it, I defy it, and I hate it.
I despise the pleasure of pleasing people whom I despise.
I develop for Linux for a living, I used to develop for DOS.
I did cancel one performance in Holland where they thought my music was so easy that they didn't rehearse at all.
I did not know what aggressively tacky meant until I read today's fortune.
I did not laugh; people who boast of ancestry often have little else to sustain them.
I did not, when a slave, understand the deep meanings of those rude, and apparently incoherent songs.
I did some heavy research so as to be prepared for Mommy, why is the sky blue?
I did this 'cause Linux gives me a woody.
I didn't ask to be made.
I didn't believe in reincarnation in any of my other lives.
I didn't have much money, so I had to get an irregular.
I didn't hear Sam the Sham and the Pharoahs!
I didn't know he was dead; I thought he was British.
I didn't know it was impossible when I did it.
I didn't know what I was gonna do.
I didn't like the play, but I saw it under adverse conditions.
I didn't order any WOO-WOO.
I didn't, for a long time, but I do now.
I disagree with what you say, but will defend to the death your right to tell such LIES!
I dislike and none of the vices I admire.
I dislike companies that have a we-are-the-high-priests-of-hardware-so-you'll- like-what-we-give-you attitude.
I distrust a close-mouthed man.
I distrust a man who says 'when.
I distrust a man who says when.
I do believe that is a record.
I do desire we may be better strangers.
I do not ask for whom's the tollway belle, she said, the tollway belle's for thee.
I do not believe any of them ever committed suicide.
I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish Church, by the Roman Church, by the Greek Church, by the Turkish Church, by the Protestant Church, nor by any Church that I know of.
I do not believe that this generation of Americans is willing to resign itself to going to bed each night by the light of a Communist moon.
I do not care if half the league strikes.
I do not fear computers.
I do not find in orthodox Christianity one redeeming feature.
I do not have to share my resources with anyone.
I do not know its name, so I will call it the Tao of Programming.
I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern, any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted.
I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
I do not know why the color blue was chosen; I'm sure it was the result of a long debate, spread over several meetings.
I do not remember ever having seen a sustained argument by an author which, starting from philosophical premises likely to meet with general acceptance, reached the conclusion that a praiseworthy ordering of one's life is to devote it to research in mathematics.
I do not want it to have any preconceptions of how to play.
I do not want to go into that.
I do what I get paid to do.
I don't ask for much, I only want trust, And you know it don't come easy.
I don't believe in sweeping social change being manifested by one person, unless he has an atomic weapon.
I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial.
I don't care for the term 'mechanistic'.
I don't care how poor and inefficient a little country is; they like to run their own business.
I don't care if you burst into flames and die!
I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
I don't care who does the electing as long as I get to do the nominating.
I don't care, responds the husband.
I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that either.
I don't do it for the money.
I don't drink, I don't like it, it makes me feel too good.
I don't enjoy the sky or sea as much as I used to because of this Levi character.
I don't even butter my bread.
I don't expect that will last.
I don't get no respect.
I don't get you, said the assistant.
I don't have an eating problem.
I don't have any solution but I certainly admire the problem.
I don't have any use for bodyguards, but I do have a specific use for two highly trained certified public accountants.
I don't have any water, all I have are ties, replies the salesman, and he heads off into the distance.
I don't have it this morning.
I don't have time for that.
I don't have to laugh, she said.
I don't hold a grudge.
I don't kill flies, but I like to mess with their minds.
I don't know WHY I said that.
I don't know any more about this thing than an economist does, and, God knows, he doesn't know much.
I don't know anything about music.
I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
I don't know if this particular strain has an official name, but if it does, it must be something like Martian Death Flu.
I don't know what Descartes' got, But booze can do what Kant cannot.
I don't know what it would be, but I think it'd be good to hear someone say, Gentlemen, what we have here is a terrifying example of the reindeer effect.
I don't know what it's about.
I don't know what it's all about.
I don't know what their gripe is.
I don't know what you mean by 'glory', Alice said.
I don't know where the nog comes from.
I don't know where we come from, Don't know where we're going to, And if all this should have a reason, We would be the last to know.
I don't know which part.
I don't know who built to it.
I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
I don't know who to call but I can't reach my Food-a-holics partner.
I don't know why but, suddenly, I want to discuss declining I.
I don't know why they gave me men's shirts but they're going back.
I don't know why we're here, I say we all go home and free associate.
I don't know, I didn't listen.
I don't know, it keeps changing.
I don't like it when somebody is rotten.
I don't like spinach, and I'm glad I don't, because if I liked it I'd eat it, and I just hate it.
I don't like the Dutchman.
I don't like the idea of a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
I don't like your trousers.
I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
I don't mean the people boo louder or longer, but there is a very special intimacy.
I don't mean to say that I know, of my own knowledge, what there is particularly dead about a door-nail.
I don't mind arguing with myself.
I don't mind going nowhere as long as it's an interesting path.
I don't mind what Congress does, as long as they don't do it in the streets and frighten the horses.
I don't need no arms around me.
I don't need no drugs to calm me.
I don't remember it, but I have it written down.
I don't remember the question.
I don't remember what it was.
I don't respect the law; I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper, and old men and women warmer in the winter, and happier in the summer.
I don't say embrace trouble; that's as bad as treating it as an enemy.
I don't see why I should have to believe in it in this one.
I don't talk to machines!
I don't think that the Church of Ubizmo is a wonderful place would turn into the Church of Ubizmo is a wonderful place.
I don't think the nurse is standing there with a stopwatch and a notepad.
I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital.
I don't think they'd let him out.
I don't understand you anymore.
I don't understand, said the scientist, why you lemmings all rush down to the sea and drown yourselves.
I don't wanna argue, and I don't wanna fight, But there will definitely be a party tonight.
I don't want people to love me.
I don't want them to celebrate alone.
I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I don't want to be young again, I just don't want to get any older.
I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.
I don't want to explain it five times.
I don't want to know.
I don't want to live on in my work, I want to live on in my apartment.
I don't wish to appear overly inquisitive, but are you still alive?
I dote on his very absence.
I doubt that I will feel like talking for very long, the cat replied without rancor.
I doubt, therefore I might be.
I dozed off during this, but the import seems to be that dinosaurs don't have anything to do with energy policy and neither do you.
I dreamed I'd been in a border town, In a little cantina that the boys had found, I was desperate to dance, just to dig the local sounds.
I drink, I get drunk, I fall down.
I drive my car quietly, for it goes without saying.
I drowned her in a cask of rum, And so made sure that she would stay In better spirits night and day.
I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.
I enjoy the time that we spend together.
I even took my socks off.
I exist, therefore I am paid.
I expect every installation has its own pet software which is analogous to the above.
I fear explanations explanatory of things explained.
I fear the lack of them.
I feel better about world problems now!
I feel compelled to mention what I know to be a gloating point: There's lots of room in memory for variables floating-point, Which shows for input vegetable, animal, and mineral I've built a better model than the one at Data General.
I feel like I'm in a Toilet Bowl with a thumbtack in my forehead!
I feel like I've just got to bite a cat!
I feel like a wet parking meter on Darvon!
I feel like if I don't bite a cat before sundown, I'll go crazy!
I feel like that all the time.
I feel partially hydrogenated!
I feel sorry for your brain.
I feel that what OTHER consenting computers do in the privacy of their own phone connections is their own business.
I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on, so I woke up from sheer boredom.
I felt that we two might commit some act so atrocious that the world, seeing us, would find it irresistible.
I figured there was this holocaust, right, and the only ones left alive were Donna Reed, Ozzie and Harriet, and the Cleavers.
I finally went to the eye doctor.
I find myself intrigued by your sub-vocal oscillations, A singular development of cat communications That obviates your basic hedonistic predelection For a rhythmic stroking of your fur to demonstrate affection.
I find you lack of faith in the forth dithturbing.
I for one cannot protest the recent M.
I forget her other qualities.
I forget what I was going to say.
I formed the legislative bodies with my own money.
I found Rome a city of bricks and left it a city of marble.
I found a pile of them over in the corner.
I found out why my car was humming.
I found that it was cheaper that way.
I gained nothing at all from Supreme Enlightenment, and for that very reason it is called Supreme Enlightenment.
I gave all of the money to my friend Slick, and with it he built a nuclear weapon.
I gave my love an Apple, that had no core; I gave my love a building, that had no floor; I wrote my love a program, that had no end; I gave my love an upgrade, with no cryin'.
I gave them a lecture and told them to cancel the performance; they then said over the radio that i had insisted on their cancelling the performance because they were insufficiently Zen.
I gave them nothing for something.
I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
I get an orange after food.
I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
I get nauseous from too much roller skating.
I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal.
I get up each morning, gather my wits.
I go To heal my heart and drown my woe.
I go on working for the same reason a hen goes on laying eggs.
I go to my analyst and we work it out.
I got a freaky old lady, name of Cole King Katie, Who embroiders on my jeans.
I got a full house and 4 people died.
I got a full house and four people died.
I got a question for ya.
I got down on my knees to breathe into the lock.
I got everybody to pay up front.
I got four shirts of yours from the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake.
I got into an elevator at work and this man followed in after me.
I got kicked out of a theater the other day for bringing my own food in.
I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose.
I got my poor old gray-haired daddy, Drivin' my limousine.
I got sick and tired of doing that dog's work for him.
I got the bill for my surgery.
I got tired of listening to the recording on the phone at the movie theater.
I got to thinking about the poor dear while I was combing my hair this morning and in so doing I glanced at my own reflection.
I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
I gotta stay home with the nurse.
I gotta tell you, I'm jamming up here every day.
I grabbed a cake of soap and washed myself ashore.
I guess I better go check, he says.
I guess I should call AL PACINO!
I guess I've been wrong all my life, but so have billions of other people.
I guess it was all a DREAM.
I guess my main impression of the afterlife is that it isn't so bad as long as you keep the television turned down and don't try to eat any solid foods.
I guess some things never leave you.
I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
I guess you're gonna be all right.
I had an errand there: gathering water-lilies, green leaves and lilies white to please my pretty lady, the last ere the year's end to keep them from the winter, to flower by her pretty feet till the snows are melted.
I had another dream the other day about music critics.
I had been nervous from the start about the hazards of too much input, which is a very real problem with these things.
I had found an error.
I had less mortification when I was found to be in the wrong, and I more easily prevailed with others to give up their mistakes and join with me when I happened to be in the right.
I had no shoes and I pitied myself.
I had not become a more observing Jew; rather, discovering that the label of Jew was offensive to others made me want to let people know who I was and what I believed in.
I had pancake makeup for brunch!
I had punched her boyfriend, who fought the mechanical bulls.
I had this idea for a new horror film, VMS Manuals from Hell or maybe The Paper Chase : IBM vs.
I had to decide quickly.
I had to get it disconnected.
I happily gave all of this.
I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day cause that means it's going to be up all night.
I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.
I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park there's nothing else to do.
I have a box of telephone rings under my bed.
I have a dog; I named him Stay.
I have a dream that one day, on the red hills of Georgia, the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slaveowners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood.
I have a friend who just got back from the Soviet Union, and told me the people there are hungry for information about the West.
I have a friend whose a billionaire.
I have a hard time being attracted to anyone who can beat me up.
I have a little shadow that goes in and out with me, And what can be the use of him is more than I can see.
I have a map of the United States.
I have a much better algorithm.
I have a program that I'm working on.
I have a rock garden.
I have a son at Harvard and another son at Princeton; I've just gifted each of them with a new Ferrari; I've got homes in Beverly Hills, Palm Beach, and a co-op in New York; and I've got a thriving ranch in Venezuela.
I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything.
I have a terrible headache, I was putting on toilet water and the lid fell.
I have a theory that it's impossible to prove anything, but I can't prove it.
I have a very good DENTAL PLAN.
I have a very small mind and must live with it.
I have a very strange feeling about this.
I have accepted Provolone into my life!
I have already given two cousins to the war and I stand ready to sacrifice my wife's brother.
I have also declined several offers of great personal advantage to myself.
I have always been diturbed by the sight of Lincoln's ears.
I have always noticed that whenever a radical takes to Imperialism, he catches it in a very acute form.
I have an existential map.
I have argued that accepting psychic powers, reincarnation, cosmic conciousness, and the like, would entail fundamental revisions of the foundations of neuroscience.
I have become me without my consent.
I have been one of those people who never go anywhere without a thermometer, a hotwater bottle, a gargle, a raincoat and a parachute.
I have defined the hundred per cent American as ninety-nine per cent an idiot.
I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable to sit still in a room.
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats.
I have discovered the perfect solution!
I have dispatched reports on the character, wit, and spleen of every officer.
I have examined Bogota, he said, and the case is clearer to me.
I have fasted, been celibate and stayed awake nights seeking enlightenment.
I have five dollars for each of you.
I have followed the rules of programming, yet I am totally baffled.
I have for sale in Manhattan.
I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as king as I would wish to do without the help and support of the woman I love.
I have found little that is good about human beings.
I have found that I can keep comfortably warm for an entire winter with slightly over half that quantity of beer.
I have gained this by philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.
I have given up everything I was asked to give up and I have suffered, but I have not been enlightened.
I have given up running for the bus; it leaves earlier than it used to.
I have had my television aerials removed.
I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?
I have just had eighteen whiskeys in a row.
I have just one word for you, my boy.
I have known him much longer than you have, and will be answerable for the event.
I have learned To spell hors d'oeuvres Which still grates on Some people's n'oeuvres.
I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind.
I have lots of things in my pockets; None of them is worth anything.
I have made mistakes but I have never made the mistake of claiming that I have never made one.
I have made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it shorter.
I have many friends who, immediately upon buying a snakebite kit, would be tempted to throw the first person they see to the ground, tie the tourniquet on him, slash him with the knife, and apply suction to the wound.
I have more hit points that you can possible imagine.
I have more information in one place than anybody in the world.
I have never been one to sacrifice my appetite on the altar of appearance.
I have never gone to pieces over the weekend.
I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
I have never seen anything fill up a vacuum so fast and still suck.
I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question.
I have never understood this liking for war.
I have never written a C program before.
I have no doubt about his capability to do good work.
I have no doubt the Devil grins, As seas of ink I spatter.
I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
I have no idea what she meant, but at one time, it was undoubtedly true.
I have no idea who I AM!
I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes.
I have not been able to answer.
I have not the slightest confidence in 'spiritual manifestations.
I have not yet begun to byte!
I have now come to the conclusion never again to think of marrying, and for this reason: I can never be satisfied with anyone who would be blockhead enough to have me.
I have observed, for example, that we all get about the same amount of ice.
I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
I have often seen her at my bus stop, although we have never spoken, and I don't even know her name.
I have sacrificed time, health, and fortune, in the desire to complete these Calculating Engines.
I have seen the Great Pretender and he is not what he seems.
I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer.
I have seen the writing on the wall.
I have some bad news, says the doctor, and some worse news.
I have some features that I wish to add.
I have stripped off my dress; must I put it on again?
I have that old biological urge, I have that old irresistible surge, I'm hungry.
I have the simplest tastes.
I have the world's largest collection of sea shells.
I have to come out from somewhere and catch them.
I have to convince you, or at least snow you.
I have to push the pram a lot.
I have to think hard to name an interesting man who does not drink.
I have travelled the length and breadth of this country, and have talked with the best people in business administration.
I have washed my feet; must I soil them again?
I have ways of making money that you know nothing of.
I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when you looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
I haven't been married in over six years, but we had sexual counseling every day from Oral Roberts!
I haven't come far enough, and don't call me baby.
I haven't even compiled this kernel yet.
I haven't got an answer yet.
I haven't had time for tobacco since.
I haven't lost my mind.
I haven't lost my mind; I know exactly where I left it.
I hear the sound that the machines make, and feel my heart break, just for a moment.
I hear what you're saying but I just don't care.
I heard a definition of an intellectual, that I thought was very interesting: a man who takes more words than are necessary to tell more than he knows.
I held her for so long.
I hold a wolf by the ears.
I hold it, that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing.
I honestly believe that the doctrine of hell was born in the glittering eyes of snakes that run in frightful coils watching for their prey.
I honk the horn, slam the door, turn on all the lights, stomp up to the bedroom and give my wife a big kiss.
I hop into the shower stall.
I hope I bought the right relish.
I hope I can remember what it was by the time I find it.
I hope I don't get run over again.
I hope it will not be irreverent of me to say that if it is probable that God would reveal his will to others on a point so connected with my duty, it might be supposed he would reveal it directly to me.
I hope something GOOD came in the mail today so I have a REASON to live!
I hope they do get 'em lowered down enough so people can afford to pay 'em.
I hope they don't hit the ball to Sax.
I hope they don't hit the ball to me.
I hope you have a kid just like yourself.
I hope you millionaires are having fun!
I hope you're not pretending to be evil while secretly being good.
I hope you're satisfied.
I hope your going too tell me what to do?
I hurried along the old passage and there, in the sunlight, there was nothing.
I inserted some random characters into the executable.
I insist on believing that some men are my equals.
I invented disclaimers!
I invented skydiving in 1989!
I is for indent, which rarely amuses, and J is for join, which nobody uses.
I joined scientology at a garage sale!
I judge a religion as being good or bad based on whether its adherents become better people as a result of practicing it.
I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke.
I just bought a microwave fireplace.
I just can't remember it all at once.
I just don't want to be there when it happens.
I just forgot my whole philosophy of life!
I just got my PRINCE bumper sticker.
I just got out of the hospital after a speed reading accident.
I just had a NOSE JOB!
I just invested half your life savings in yeast!
I just know I'm a better manager when I have Joe DiMaggio in center field.
I just need enough to tide me over until I need more.
I just sold a screenplay for two hundred thousand dollars.
I just think about it.
I just thought of something funny.
I just wanna ride on my motorsickle.
I just want to be a good engineer.
I just want to get my saddle back!
I just want to ride on my motorcy.
I just wanted to thank you for a terrific weekend.
I just went below the poverty line!
I just went to an art museum where all of the art was done by children.
I just wish it wasn't this one.
I just won the California lottery!
I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world.
I keep seeing spots in front of my eyes.
I kissed my first girl and smoked my first cigarette on the same day.
I knew her before she was a virgin.
I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better take one along that worked.
I knew that he disliked me to cry.
I knew the language of the floweret; My fragile leaves, it said, his heart enclose.
I know I keep you amused, But I feel I'm being used.
I know guys can't learn from yesterday.
I know if you been talkin' you done said just how suprised you wuz by the living dead.
I know it; I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be.
I know men that would make my wife a better husband than I am; but, darn it, I'm not going to give her to 'em.
I know not how I came into this, shall I call it a dying life or a living death?
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
I know of very few things I would take seriously.
I know on which side my bread is buttered.
I know people who can't even learn from what happened this morning.
I know some people are terrified of the bomb.
I know the disposition of women: when you will, they won't; when you won't, they set their hearts upon you of their own inclination.
I know the divorce rate among unmarried Catholic Alaskan females!
I know what 'it' means well enough, when I find a thing, said the Duck: it's generally a frog or a worm.
I know what I'm doing.
I know what you're thinking.
I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says, but I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what it means.
I know you think you thought you knew what you thought I said, but I'm not sure you understood what you thought I meant.
I know you're in search of yourself, I just haven't seen you anywhere.
I know, the man replies.
I lately lost a preposition; It hid, I thought, beneath my chair And angrily I cried, Perdition!
I lay my head on the railroad tracks, Waitin' for the double E.
I learned to play guitar just to get the girls, and anyone who says they didn't is just lyin'!
I lied about the upgrade, with no cryin'!
I lift my disk beside the processor.
I like a state of continual becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
I like commodity markets in which iron-and- silicon hawkers know that they exist to provide fast toys for software types like me to play with.
I like mannish children.
I like myself, but I won't say I'm as handsome as the bull that kidnapped Europa.
I like that in a goddess.
I like that in a person.
I like the way ONLY their mouths move.
I like their beauty, I like their delicacy, I like their vivacity, and I like their silence.
I like to believe that people in the long run are going to do more to promote peace than our governments.
I like to kill mosquitoes.
I like to think it's just the Linux people who want to be on the leading edge so bad they walk right off the precipice.
I like work; it fascinates me; I can sit and look at it for hours.
I like your SNOOPY POSTER!
I like your game but we have to change the rules.
I live alone, he continued, you can have the bedroom at the top of the stairs, to the right.
I live the way I type; fast, with a lot of mistakes.
I loathe people who keep dogs.
I look at life as being cruise director on the Titanic.
I looked at him and said 'You know, you're the kind of guy I want to hang around with.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I've ever known.
I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour!
I love being married.
I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas.
I love entertainment So long as it's clean.
I love treason but hate a traitor.
I love you darling, yes I do; Sleep is so sweet when I dream of you; All you are is a blossoming rose.
I love you more than anything in this world.
I love you, not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you.
I love your body and your spirit and your clothes.
I love your outfit, does it come in your size?
I loved her with a love thirsty and desperate.
I made it a rule to forbear all direct contradictions to the sentiments of others, and all positive assertion of my own.
I maintain there is much more wonder in science than in pseudoscience.
I make a big racket when I go home, his friend replied.
I managed to say, Sorry, and no more.
I married beneath me.
I marvel at thee, Octopus; If I were thou, I'd call me us.
I may appear to be just sitting here like a bucket of tapioca, but don't let appearances fool you.
I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!
I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously.
I may not be able to walk, but I drive from a sitting position.
I may not be able to walk, but I drive from the sitting posistion.
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
I may not get there, but I'm going first class.
I mean Apples are nice you know?
I mean I don't really know, you know?
I mean it's only natural, a natural process really.
I mean, I've never seen a Porsche full of money before.
I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series?
I mean, like, I just read your article in the Yale law recipe, on search and seizure.
I mean, love is something to be passed around freely, not spooned down someone's throat for their own good by a Jewish mother who cooked it all by herself.
I mean, man, whither goest thou?
I mean, she said, that one can't help growing older.
I mean, where's it going to end?
I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
I meant 'there's a nice knock-down argument for you!
I meant no harm; I just liked the explosions.
I memorized the all WORDS to WIPE-OUT in 1965!
I met a girl at the Rainbow Bar, She asked me if I'd beat her.
I met a wonderful new man.
I met her in a Kingstown bar, We fell in love, I knew it had to end.
I met my latest girl friend in a department store.
I met someone who looks at lot like you, She does the things you do, but she is an IBM.
I might as well pay a visit to the LADIES ROOM.
I might be drunk but at least I'm not insane.
I might have been inclined, myself, to regard a coffin-nail as the deadest piece of ironmongery in the trade.
I might have gone to West Point, but I was too proud to speak to a congressman.
I moved to the door with boxy, schlep-shouldered strides.
I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's; I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
I must get out of these wet clothes and into a dry Martini.
I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
I must help rid the world of it.
I myself would say that it had merely been detected.
I need a completely solid layer of roses all around me like puffing factories of smell, attacking me with their smell and power-ramming big stinking concentrations of rose odor up my nostrils until I'm wasted with pleasure.
I need an energy crunch!
I need another lawyer like I need another hole in my head.
I need some four-by-two's, he says.
I need total bath coverage.
I need your help, I say 'tween sobs, 'Cause I'll soon be listed in net.
I needed the good will of the legislature of four states.
I never ask advice about growing, Alice said indignantly.
I never cheated an honest man, only rascals.
I never could get the hang of mornings.
I never cut out words in the middle of a quote without a VERY good reason, and I never cut them out without including ellipses.
I never deny, I never contradict.
I never did it that way before.
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they do today.
I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to go away.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
I never have to go upstairs.
I never killed a man that didn't deserve it.
I never let my schooling get in the way of my education.
I never loved another person the way I loved myself.
I never made a mistake in my life.
I never met a man I couldn't drink handsome.
I never met a man I didn't want to fight.
I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.
I never met a woman I couldn't drink pretty.
I never saw a purple cow I never hope to see one But I can tell you anyhow I'd rather see than be one.
I never saw anyone hit with his face.
I never take work home with me; I always leave it in some bar along the way.
I never vote for anyone.
I no longer do childish things, but because those I call adults are no more mature than I am.
I no longer thought that.
I not infrequently tried this method at the meetings of the Royal Geographical Society, for even there dull memoirs are occasionally read.
I not only came in last, I was hit in the mouth by Miss Congeniality.
I noticed the room keys had been replaced by electronic cards you slide into slots in the doors.
I object to intellect without discipline; I object to power without constructive purpose.
I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation.
I once decorated my apartment entirely in ten foot salad forks!
I once witnessed a long-winded, month-long flamewar over the use of mice vs.
I only have a dollar.
I only hoped, with the mild hope of all Who watch the leaf take shape upon the tree, A fairer summer and a later fall Than in these parts a man is apt to see, And sunny clusters ripened for the wine: I tell you this across the blackened vine.
I only know what I read in the papers.
I only need them to read, so I got flip-ups.
I only touch base with reality on an as-needed basis!
I opened the drawer of my little desk and a single letter fell out, a letter from my mother, written in pencil, one of her last, with unfinished words and an implicit sense of her departure.
I ordered chocolate, not vanilla, I screamed.
I owe the public nothing.
I owe, I owe, It's off to work I go.
I own seven-eighths of all the artists in downtown Burbank!
I picked it up and said 'Hello?
I picked them up and rolled them back.
I picked up a tomato so big it sat on the ground.
I place economy among the first and most important virtues, and public debt as the greatest of dangers to be feared.
I played lead guitar in a band called The Federal Duck, which is the kind of name that was popular in the '60s as a result of controlled substances being in widespread use.
I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.
I poured spot remover on my dog.
I predict that today will be remembered until tomorrow!
I predict this motel will be standing, Until I've paid my bill.
I prefer rogues to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
I prefer rogues to imbeciles, because they sometimes take a rest.
I prefer the blunted cudgels of the followers of the Serpent God.
I prefer the most unjust peace to the most righteous war.
I probably wouldn't make such good grades, but I'd learn more.
I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
I program, therefore I am.
I pushed '1' and he just stood there.
I put a new engine in my car, but didn't take the old one out.
I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes.
I put in strobe lights instead!
I put instant coffee in a microwave and almost went back in time.
I put my head down on the table and sobbed, If only she could come back; I would be nice.
I put the shotgun in an Adidas bag and padded it out with four pairs of tennis socks, not my style at all, but that was what I was aiming for: If they think you're crude, go technical; if they think you're technical, go crude.
I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
I ran into a friend of mine on the street the other day.
I ran into an old classmate the other day and she has aged so much that she didn't recognize me.
I ran it for high-mass stars and low-mass stars, for stars born exceedingly hot and those born relatively cold.
I read Playboy for the same reason I read National Geographic.
I read a lot of science fiction.
I read the Bash man page each day like a Jehovah's Witness reads the Bible.
I read the newspaper avidly.
I realize it's just a device.
I realize that command does have its fascination, even under circumstances such as these, but I neither enjoy the idea of command nor am I frightened of it.
I realize that it must seem so strange, That time has rearranged, but time has the final word, She knows I think of you, she reads my mind, She tries to be unkind, she knows nothing of our world.
I realize that the MX missile is none of our concern.
I realize that the concept of wild horses probably stirs romantic notions in many of you, but this is because you have never met any wild horses in person.
I realize that the whole point of living in a democracy is that we pay professional congresspersons to concern themselves with things like the MX missile so we can be free to concern ourselves with getting hold of the plumber.
I realize that today you have a number of top female athletes such as Martina Navratilova who can run like deer and bench-press Chevrolet trucks.
I realized that there was far more to haute cuisine then I'd ever imagined.
I really hate this damned machine I wish that they would sell it.
I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens who, reading newspapers, live and die in the belief that they have known something of what has been passing in their time.
I recently read an article that said, reply by mail, I'll summarize.
I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the reader.
I recommend pleasant.
I refuse to answer that question.
I refuse to consign the whole male sex to the nursery.
I refuse to have a battle of wits with an unarmed person.
I remember Ulysses well.
I remember a bigger, older guy whom we called Dad.
I remember my first beer.
I remember once being on a station platform in Cleveland at four in the morning.
I remember putting them in my burette.
I remember when I was a kid I used to come home from Sunday School and my mother would get drunk and try to make pancakes.
I remember when legal used to mean lawful, now it means some kind of loophole.
I reminded him that the Hawkins' had a fence across there about five years back.
I replaced the headlights in my car with strobe lights.
I replied, They used to say the same thing about drugs.
I represent a sardine!
I request a weekend in Havana with Phil Silvers!
I reserve the right to wax maudlin as I wane eloquent.
I resisted the temptation, however, to call the present work Kermit the Book.
I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their religions.
I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
I respect the institution of marriage.
I reverently believe that the maker who made us all makes everything in New England, but the weather.
I said 'Hi, where you going?
I said Hi, what's happenin'?
I said I didn't know.
I said I hope it is a good party, said Galder, loudly.
I said it very loud and clear, I told them, This is what I wish.
I said, Hey, buddy, I got your check, he said, Thanks.
I said, I will climb up into the palm to grasp its fronds.
I said, No, I made a few mistakes.
I said, Preacher, give me strength for round 5.
I said, Well, what do you need?
I said, Yes, but to me they're the same because I go by thickness.
I said, You're right.
I said,Growin' up leads to growin' old, And then to dying, and to me that don't sound like much fun.
I salivate at the sight of mittens.
I sat and smiled like an idiot as more of the truth dawned.
I sat down beside her, said hello, offered to buy her a drink.
I satisfies a sentence in the table language if and only if each entry in the table designates the value of the function designated by the function constant in the upper-left corner applied to the objects designated by the corresponding row and column labels.
I saw a long article that I wish to rebut carefully, what should I do?
I saw a man pursuing the Horizon, 'Round and round they sped.
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
I saw an eagle fly once.
I saw what you did and I know who you are.
I say Yes ma'am for working's sake.
I say a rented car handles best.
I say this because other systems are worse.
I say we take off; nuke the site from orbit.
I say, I just told you what I really think.
I say, I wonder what's going to happen exciting today?
I searched the world over, and I thought I'd found true love.
I see a bad moon rising.
I see a good deal of talk from Washington about lowering taxes.
I see a young lady who goes under the guise of being a Christian, known all over the nation, dressed in skin-tight leather pants, shaking and wiggling her hips to the beat and rythm of the music as the strobe lights beat their patterns across the stage and the band plays the contemporary rock soun If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
I see earthquakes and lightnin' I see bad times today.
I see little divinity about them or you.
I see that the device claims to have three levels of play: Easy, Medium, and Hard, said the master.
I see the eigenvalue in thine eye, I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh.
I see the true importance of LSD in the possibility of providing materail aid to meditation aimed at the mystical experience of a deeper, comprehensive reality.
I see them coming, I slow down, I watch silently.
I see to the very back of your mind.
I see trouble on the way.
I see where we are starting to pay some attention to our neigbors to the south.
I seek the Holy Grail.
I shall be sober in the morning.
I shall dwell in the house of Texas instruments forever.
I shall expect a chemical cure for psychopathic behavior by 10 A.
I shall fall, Like a bright exhalation in the evening And no man see me more.
I shall let go, and let it take me where it will.
I shall not cease from mental fight, Nor shall my sword rest in my hand, Till we have built Jerusalem In England's green and pleasant land.
I shall now elaborate: Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
I share the belief of many of my contemporaries that the spiritual crisis pervading all spheres of Western industrial society can be remedied only by a change in our world view.
I shot a query into the net.
I shot an arrow in to the air, and it stuck.
I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses.
I should find what I'm looking for by mid May.
I should have been a country-western singer.
I should have expected to find you holding Vader's leash.
I should have liked, I do confess, to have had the lightest license of a child, and yet been man enough to know its value.
I should have no hesitation in sacrificing my own life to spare yours, but we take stock next week, and it would not be fair on the company.
I should say not, dear fellow.
I simply can't say enough good things about him.
I sit still and let the joy of the work fill my being.
I slapped my key on the desk and nodded gravely.
I smell a RANCID CORN DOG!
I smell like a wet reducing clinic on Columbus Day!
I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
I soon found the advantage of this change in my manner; the conversations I engaged in went on more pleasantly.
I sought him but I did not find him, I called him but he did not answer.
I speak as an expert in explosives.
I spent a good ten minutes telling Emacs what I thought of it.
I spent it on a fling with your best friend, Charles.
I spent last summer folding it.
I sprang from my tube to see what was the matter.
I started to speak, but she raised an arm and spoke with a quiet and peace I will never forget.
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards.
I stick my neck out for nobody.
I still have my lantern.
I still have some of the theory to work out, but now I'm certain that I'm on the right track.
I still maintain the point that designing a monolithic kernel in 1991 is a fundamental error.
I stood on the leading edge, The eastern seaboard at my feet.
I stood up and took aim, and went into the windup, when my mother at the kitchen window called my name in a sharp voice.
I stopped being loud and bossy.
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six.
I stopped him as he was dragging it off by the tail to show me how it was used.
I strained it to expose its weaknesses.
I suggest a new strategy, Artoo: let the Wookie win.
I suggest you locate your hot tub outside your house, so it won't do too much damage if it catches fire or explodes.
I suppose I could collect my books and get on back to school, Or steal my daddy's cue and make a living out of playing pool, Or find myself a rock 'n' roll band, That needs a helping hand, Oh, Maggie I wish I'd never seen your face.
I suppose some of the variation between Boston drivers and the rest of the country is due to the progressive Massachusetts Driver Education Manual which I happen to have in my top desk drawer.
I suppose that in a few hours I will sober up.
I suppose you expect me to talk.
I swear that greed for money has nothing to do with it, although heaven knows I am sorely in need of money.
I take Him shopping with me.
I talked about Choo-Choo trains.
I tell 'em to pick two and call me back.
I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
I tell them to turn to the study of mathematics, for it is only there that they might escape the lusts of the flesh.
I tell ya, gambling never agreed with me.
I tell you I'm too excited.
I thank God they were satisfied with the missiles and we didn't have to go to that extreme.
I then compile the program.
I think I am an overnight sensation right now!
I think I'll KILL myself by leaping out of this 14th STORY WINDOW while reading ERICA JONG'S poetry!
I think I'll end it all, Sue sighed.
I think I'll have a few more drinks to prepare myself.
I think I'm in the wrong building.
I think I'm in the wrong joke.
I think I'm schizophrenic.
I think KEN is OVER-DUE on his R.
I think Michael is like litmus paper - he's always trying to learn.
I think a relationship is like a shark.
I think beavers work too hard.
I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell's ass.
I think for the most part that the readership here uses the c-word in a similar fashion.
I think he's from the CIA.
I think he's weird because he wears false teeth.
I think if we are honest with ourselves, we must admit that we needed that impetus extremely strongly.
I think if you look at the color scale, you start at black, move it through purple, move it on out, it's the shifting of color.
I think it clever of the turtle In such a fix to be so fertile.
I think it is ignorance that makes people think of abnormality only with horror and allows them to remain undismayed at the proximity of normal to average and mediocre.
I think it would be a good idea.
I think it would be better for us both if you were to just log out again.
I think it's in my basement.
I think it's transparent rubbish.
I think most people would cry to gain a point.
I think my career is ruined!
I think not, my friend, I think not.
I think she must have been very strictly brought up, she's so desperately anxious to do the wrong thing correctly.
I think that I shall never hear A poem lovelier than beer.
I think that I shall never see A billboard lovely as a tree.
I think that I shall never see A thing as lovely as a tree.
I think that I think, therefore I think that I am.
I think that all good, right thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that all good, right thinking people in this country are fed up with being told that all good, right thinking people in this country are fed up with being sick and tired.
I think that all right-thinking people in this country are sick and tired of being told that ordinary decent people are fed up in this country with being sick and tired.
I think that's how dogs spend their lives.
I think that's what I mean.
I think the guy in the hat did something terrible.
I think the sky is blue because it's a shift from black through purple to blue, and it has to do with where the light is.
I think the system of Morals and his Religion, as he left them to us, the best the World ever saw or is likely to see; but I apprehend it has received various corrupting Changes, and I have, with most of the present Dissenters in England, some doubts as to his divinity.
I think the world is ready for the story of an ugly duckling, who grew up to remain an ugly duckling, and lived happily ever after.
I think the world is run by C students.
I think there are burglars in the house.
I think there's a world market for about five computers.
I think trash is the most important manifestation of culture we have in my lifetime.
I think very probably he might be cured.
I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones.
I think we need more owls.
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
I think we're in trouble.
I think what you've got here could be very exciting.
I think you are being unrealistic, said the manager.
I think you get my drift.
I think your opinions are reasonable, except for the one about my mental instability.
I think, barring a series of catastrophic events, that we can look to at least another decade during which many of the big problems around this country will have to be addressed by institutions other than federal government.
I think, said one, and my husband thinks That she's a prying, inquisitive minx!
I think, therefore I am.
I thought 'One of us is in real trouble'.
I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
I thought I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on board.
I thought I should go park it in the middle of the freeway and yell at everyone to get off my driveway.
I thought I was dancing, 'til somebody stepped on my hand.
I thought YOU silenced the guard!
I thought everybody laughed at company training films.
I thought it was when your kids learned to drive.
I thought it was you.
I thought my people would grow tired of killing.
I thought that was differently haired.
I thought that you said you were 20 years old!
I thought there was something fishy about the butler.
I thought this was a nude rap session!
I thought you fixed that last century!
I thought you said Freight, responded the Master.
I thought you said you were an accountant!
I thought you were trying to get into shape.
I threw up on my window!
I told her to slow down a little, but you know cocktail waitresses, they seem to have a mind of their own.
I told him I can't call everybody I want to anymore, my phone doesn't have a five.
I told my kids, Someday, you'll have kids of your own.
I told my roommate, Isn't this amazing?
I told that to a network president, and he was deeply unimpressed.
I told you I told you I told you I was one of those.
I told you he was stupid!
I told you so when it doesn't work.
I took a course in speed reading and was able to read War and Peace in twenty minutes.
I took a fish head to the movies and I didn't have to pay.
I took a kettle from the shelf, It would be better to obey.
I took the cigarette from my mouth and kissed her again.
I treasure this strange combination found in very few persons: a fierce desire for life as well as a lucid perception of the ultimate futility of the quest.
I tried complaints to his sysadmin, organizing mail campaigns, called for his removal from the net and phoning his employer to get him fired.
I tried to tell her what had happened, but it came out sort of.
I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast and drown myself in the noise.
I trust the first lion he meets will do his duty.
I try not to break the rules but merely to test their elasticity.
I try to keep an open mind, but not so open that my brains fall out.
I trying to be Smalltalk.
I turn on my television set.
I turned my air conditioner the other way around, and it got cold out.
I understand why you're confused.
I use not only all the brains I have, but all those I can borrow as well.
I use shoe polish to excess.
I use technology in order to hate it more properly.
I used to be Snow White, but I drifted.
I used to be a rebel in my youth.
I used to be an agnostic, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to be an idealist, but I got mugged by reality.
I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused.
I used to enjoy eating McDonald's hamburgers and drinking Iron City Lite, and then I encountered the kosher dill pickle.
I used to get high on life but lately I've built up a resistance.
I used to go to UCLA, but then my Dad got a job.
I used to have a drinking problem.
I used to jog, but the ice kept bouncing out of my glass.
I used to live in a house by the freeway.
I used to think I was indecisive, but now I'm not so sure.
I used to think romantic love was a neurosis shared by two, a supreme foolishness.
I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in my body.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory.
I usually finish them before they get a word in.
I usually pick one small topic like this to give a lecture on.
I value kindness to human beings first of all, and kindness to animals.
I voted for Dianne Feinstein!
I waited and waited and when no message came I knew it must be from you.
I want 97 kilos already rolled, I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.
I want a NEW SHIRT and a PONY TAIL with lemon sauce!
I want a WESSON OIL lease!
I want a bottle of Red Eye that's always filled, I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
I want another RE-WRITE on my CEASAR SALAD!
I want is a dill pickle!
I want my nose in lights!
I want the presidency so bad I can already taste the hors d'oeuvres.
I want this place evacuated in 20 seconds!
I want to achieve immortality through not dying.
I want to be the white man's brother, not his brother-in-law.
I want to dispute sentence structure with SUSAN SONTAG!
I want to do the Latin Hustle now!
I want to go, oh, oh, oh.
I want to kill everyone here with a cute colorful Hydrogen Bomb!
I want to know the meaning of life.
I want to light my cigars with 10 dollar bills, I like to have a cattle ranch in Beverly Hills.
I want to mail a bronzed artichoke to Nicaragua!
I want to marry a girl just like the girl that married dear old dad.
I want to perform cranial activities with Tuesday Weld!
I want to read my new poem about pork brains and outer space.
I want to so HAPPY, the VEINS in my neck STAND OUT!
I want to tell you that's not true.
I want two ROUND BLACK EARS to make me feel warm 'n secure!
I want very much to have Charles Eames share in whatever potential there is.
I want you to organize my PASTRY trays.
I want you to picture the face of its mother, because one week's dole won't pay for one Master of the Universe Battlecruiser!
I want you to picture the trusting face of a child, streaked with tears because of what you just said.
I want you to sign the papers.
I wanted to convince you that you must learn to make every act count, since you are going to be here for only a short while, in fact, too short for witnessing all the marvels of it.
I wanted to know what Freight was too.
I was RAISED on thought balloons!
I was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.
I was afraid you might have some idea that you could borrow from me!
I was appalled by this story of the destruction of a member of a valued endangered species.
I was at the roulette table, having a lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
I was at this restaurant.
I was born because it was a habit in those days, people didn't know anything else.
I was born in a Hostess Cupcake factory before the sexual revolution!
I was born in a barrel of butcher knives Trouble I love and peace I despise Wild horses kicked me in my side Then a rattlesnake bit me and he walked off and died.
I was certainly too loaded to care.
I was coming to that, the Knight said.
I was delighted with the video game craze, thinking we could compete as equals.
I was disturbed at this, I accosted the man, It is futile, I said.
I was drunk last night, crawled home across the lawn.
I was eatin' some chop suey, With a lady in St.
I was elected Student Government President by mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.
I was gambling in Havana, I took a little risk.
I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did.
I was hungry but could not go out for food, lest she come and I not be there to greet her.
I was in Bogota and waiting for a lady friend.
I was in Vegas last week.
I was in a bar and I walked up to a beautiful woman and said, Do you live around here often?
I was in a beauty contest one.
I was in love, a long time ago.
I was loaded enough to be unable to tell whether they could tell I was loaded.
I was lucky to be chosen and clever enough to understand them.
I was making donuts and now I'm on a bus!
I was myself within the circle, so that I neither saw nor heard as those without might see and hear.
I was never so bethumped with words since I first called my brother's father dad.
I was not a Child Prodigy, because a Child Prodigy is a child who knows as much when it is a child as it does when it grows up.
I was offered a job as a hoodlum and I turned it down cold.
I was on the lam at the time and not able to work at my regular line.
I was part of that strange race of people aptly described as spending their lives doing things they detest to make money they don't want to buy things they don't need to impress people they dislike.
I was playing poker the other night.
I was pulled over for speeding today.
I was serving on the lead battleship and was on watch on the bridge as night fell.
I was shot midway between the fracas and the naval.
I was so ugly that my dad kept the kid's picture that came with the wallet he bought.
I was still loud and bossy, but only behind his back.
I was struck by the beauty of the place.
I was supposed to be 80 degrees today, and I said Oops.
I was the best I ever had.
I was the onliest boxer in history people asked questions like a senator.
I was working on a case.
I wasn't kissing her, I was whispering in her mouth.
I wasted time and now doth time waste me.
I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it in the room alone.
I went I would come to a place where people were just as high and wild as I was: no doubt at all about that.
I went and shouted in his ear.
I went home with a waitress, The way I always do.
I went into a general store, and they wouldn't sell me anything specific.
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it.
I went on to test the program in every way I could devise.
I went on weeping; I saw how little I had valued him; how little I had valued anything that was mine.
I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle.
I went to a Grateful Dead Concert and they played for SEVEN hours.
I went to a job interview the other day, the guy asked me if I had any questions , I said yes, just one, if you're in a car traveling at the speed of light and you turn your headlights on, does anything happen?
I went to make supplication.
I went to my first computer conference at the New York Hilton about 20 years ago.
I went to my mother and told her I intended to commence a different life.
I went to see the doctor and he gave me the cure, I think I got it some more!
I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the statues that are in all the other museums.
I went to the race track once and bet on a horse that was so good that it took seven others to beat him!
I went to wake them up myself.
I will always love the false image I had of you.
I will be finished tomorrow, the programmer promptly replied.
I will fall face down so that they cannot see my company badge.
I will fear no prof, for my calculator is there to hearten me.
I will follow the good side right to the fire, but not into it if I can help it.
I will honour Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year.
I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future.
I will make no bargains with terrorist hardware.
I will make you shorter by the head.
I will never lie to you.
I will never understand people.
I will not fall down!
I will not forget you.
I will not get drunk!
I will not in public!
I will not play at tug o' war.
I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new one every day.
I will not shut out the lessons that they teach.
I will not sleep here tonight.
I will not stay, she said with a pout, To hear my character lied about!
I wish I had feathers, a fine sweeping gown, And a delicate face, and could strut about Town!
I wish I was a sex-starved manicurist found dead in the Bronx!
I wish I was on a Cincinnati street corner holding a clean dog!
I wish a robot would get elected president.
I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence.
I wish therefore that candles may be brought.
I wish you humans would leave me alone.
I wish you were a Scotch on the rocks.
I woke up this morning and discovered that everything in my apartment had been stolen and replaced with an exact replica.
I won't love you if you keep doing that.
I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that ever happened to me.
I wonder if He has a full newsfeed?
I wonder if I could ever get started in the credit world?
I wonder if I should put myself in ESCROW!
I wonder if it's NET FUN or GROSS FUN?
I wonder if my bed is made?
I wonder if there are any parallels?
I wonder if there's anything GOOD on tonight?
I wonder why it is that toast always falls on the buttered side, said one.
I wonder, he said to himself, what's in a book while it's closed.
I work with computers.
I worked in a health food store once.
I would appreciate it if you never called me again.
I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one, but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even after we've been home a long while.
I would climb more mountains, swim more rivers and watch more sunsets.
I would enjoy the work of a chicken flicker.
I would gladly raise my voice in praise of women, only they won't let me raise my voice.
I would go so far as to suggest that, were it not for our ego and concern to be different, the African apes would be included in our family, the Hominidae.
I would have more actual troubles and fewer imaginary ones.
I would have promised those terrorists a trip to Disneyland if it would have gotten the hostages released.
I would have rushed up here, we could have gotten married, and the baby would have my name!
I would have the studies elective.
I would have you imagine, then, that there exists in the mind of man a block of wax.
I would like the government to do all it can to mitigate, then, in understanding, in mutuality of interest, in concern for the common good, our tasks will be solved.
I would like to be able to say that this was a symbolic act, an effort on my part to break cleanly away from one state in my life and move on to another, but the truth is, Cooper and I really just wanted to find out what it would sound like.
I would like to electrocute everyone who uses the word 'fair' in connection with income tax policies.
I would like to give you this personality test, said the outsider, because I want you to be happy.
I would like to know What I was fencing in And what I was fencing out.
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
I would never shake hands with a gardener.
I would never tell my nickname in a crisis.
I would not waste time in foolishness if I were you.
I would play hooky more.
I would rather be a serf in a poor man's house and be above ground than reign among the dead.
I would rather it were you.
I would rather say that a desire to drive fast sports cars is what sets man apart from the animals.
I would rather spend 10 hours reading someone else's source code than 10 minutes listening to Musak waiting for technical support which isn't.
I would relax, I would limber up, I would be sillier than I have been this trip.
I would ride on more merry-go-rounds.
I would say: The urge to destroy may sometimes be a creative urge.
I would send a barrel or so to my other generals.
I wouldn't be so paranoid if you weren't all out to get me!
I wouldn't marry her with a ten foot pole.
I wouldn't marry her!
I wrote the data sheet, remember?
I'D LIKE TO BE BURIED INDIAN-STYLE, where they put you up on a high rack, above the ground.
I'd be a poorer man if I'd never seen an eagle fly.
I'd be at home in the bath and she'd come in and sink my boats.
I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous.
I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
I'd just as soon kiss a Wookie.
I'd just be the catcher in the rye.
I'd like to be a machine.
I'd like to join your circus; I have what I think is a pretty good act.
I'd like to make a suggestion, Metkovich said.
I'd like to meet the guy who invented beer and see what he's working on now.
I'd like to see the government get out of war altogether and leave the whole field to private industry.
I'd love to go out with you, but I did my own thing and now I've got to undo it.
I'd love to go out with you, but I have to floss my cat.
I'd love to go out with you, but I have to stay home and see if I snore.
I'd love to go out with you, but I want to spend more time with my blender.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm having all my plants neutered.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
I'd love to go out with you, but I'm taking punk totem pole carving.
I'd love to go out with you, but I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
I'd love to go out with you, but it's my parakeet's bowling night.
I'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
I'd love to go out with you, but the last time I went out, I never came back.
I'd love to go out with you, but the man on television told me to say tuned.
I'd love to go out with you, but there are important world issues that need worrying about.
I'd love to kiss you, but I just washed my hair.
I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
I'd never marry a woman who didn't like pizza.
I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece.
I'd pick more daisies.
I'd probably settle for a vampire if he were romantic enough.
I'd rather be led to hell than managed to heavan.
I'd rather do it myself!
I'd rather have a free bottle in front of me than a prefrontal lobotomy.
I'd rather have two girls at 21 each than one girl at 42.
I'd rather just believe that it's done by little elves running around.
I'd rather laugh with the sinners, Than cry with the saints, The sinners are much more fun!
I'd rather play at hug o' war, Where everyone hugs Instead of tugs, Where everyone giggles And rolls on the rug, Where everyone kisses, And everyone grins, And everyone cuddles, And everyone wins.
I'd rather push my Harley than ride a rice burner.
I'd really like for you to have it.
I'd really like to live beside you, baby.
I'd say a reasonable person is one who accepts that we are all human and therefore fallible, and takes that into account when dealing with others.
I'd spend them all at you.
I'll ask if we can play through, Bill said as he strode toward the women.
I'll be Grateful when they're Dead.
I'll be comfortable on the couch.
I'll be standing with my hand out, Yessir, I'll get mine!
I'll be your friend and so much more; That's what a POSSLQ is for.
I'll bet you credits to Navy Beans we can put a dent in it.
I'll call you, we'll talk and I'll ask you out to dinner where I'll probably spend more than I can afford in a feeble attempt to impress you.
I'll close the window, will it be warm outside?
I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd listen to it!
I'll do anything I can to help you break such a spell.
I'll do it, cuz NOW I'M MAD!
I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell.
I'll go rustle us up another!
I'll grant thee random access to my heart, Thoul't tell me all the constants of thy love; And so we two shall all love's lemmas prove And in our bound partition never part.
I'll have a froth of beer and a snorkel.
I'll have to get back to you on that.
I'll have your guts for spaghetti.
I'll kill 'em, and I'm going to kill 'em before they kill me.
I'll learn to play the Saxophone, I play just what I feel.
I'll let you play with my life if you'll let me play with yours.
I'll listen to reason when it comes out on CD.
I'll never get off this planet.
I'll play the title role, proposed Tom.
I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.
I'll rob that rich person and give it to some poor deserving slob.
I'll show you MY telex number if you show me YOURS.
I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine.
I'll tell you no lines.
I'll tell you right out, I'm a man who likes talking to a man who likes to talk.
I'll tell you what I know, then, he decided.
I'll try my teeth on thee now.
I'll try, said the snake.
I'll turn over a new leaf.
I'm 'er eighth tree that was N-ary.
I'm Aspasia and Hero, at least.
I'm N-ary the tree, I am, N-ary the tree, I am, I am.
I'm Norbert Weiner and we've just moved.
I'm Not Misbehaving And A Whole Lot More.
I'm Salome, moon of the East.
I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
I'm a computer, and you're a person.
I'm a doctor, not a bricklayer.
I'm a doctor, not a coalminer.
I'm a doctor, not a mechanic.
I'm a doctor, not an engineer.
I'm a doctor, not an escalator.
I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees.
I'm a nuclear submarine under the polar ice cap and I need a Kleenex!
I'm a seaman second class, came the reply, You had better change course 20 degrees.
I'm a soldier, not a diplomat.
I'm a surgeon, not a psychiatrist.
I'm a very technical boy.
I'm afraid I can't release the necklace immediately, would Monday be all right?
I'm afraid of widths.
I'm afraid that your claim of typing at 120 words per minute is highly dubious at best.
I'm all for computer dating, but I wouldn't want one to marry my sister.
I'm always looking for a new idea that will be more productive than its cost.
I'm always there when I need me.
I'm an authorized SNOOTS OF THE STARS dealer!
I'm approaching old age.
I'm at Vido's on my second pizza with sausage and mushroom.
I'm calling because I want to be happy, I guess.
I'm certainly not, and I'm sick and tired of being told that I am!
I'm coming now I'm coming to reward them.
I'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did.
I'm definitely not in Omaha!
I'm dressing up in an ill-fitting IVY-LEAGUE SUIT!
I'm dying, he croaked.
I'm encased in the lining of a pure pork sausage!
I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and I gotta find a safe place for Daffy.
I'm frankly sick and tired of the political preachers across this country telling me as a citizen that if I want to be a moral person, I must believe in A, B, C, and D.
I'm frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for life.
I'm frightened of the old ones.
I'm getting traversed by the parser next door, She's traversed me seven times before.
I'm getting weak from eating all that healthy stuff.
I'm glad I was not born before tea.
I'm glad the American Civil Liberties Union gets indignant, and I hope this will always be so.
I'm glad to hear that, answered Abe.
I'm glad we don't have to play in the shade.
I'm going through my I want to go back to New York phase today.
I'm going to Boston to see my doctor.
I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay you the five-hundred I owe you.
I'm going to Vietnam at the request of the White House.
I'm going to disconnect your brain.
I'm going to give my psychoanalyst one more year, then I'm going to Lourdes.
I'm going to kill you because I killed your brother.
I'm going to kill you because you killed my brother.
I'm going to kill you.
I'm going to live forever, or die trying!
I'm going to raise an issue and stick it in your ear.
I'm going to the market to exchange this RAM for some chips and Apples, commented Jack.
I'm growing older, but not up.
I'm guided by a signal in the heavens.
I'm guided by the beauty of our weapons.
I'm guided by this birthmark on my skin.
I'm having TOO MUCH FUN!
I'm having a BIG BANG THEORY!
I'm having a MID-WEEK CRISIS!
I'm having a quadrophonic sensation of two winos alone in a steel mill!
I'm having a serious disagreement with somebody on the net.
I'm having a tax-deductible experience!
I'm having an emotional outburst!
I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.
I'm imagining a surfer van filled with soy sauce!
I'm in a very clever and adorable INSANE ASYLUM!
I'm in the Twilight Zone!
I'm just a boy named 'su'.
I'm just a simple pole in a complex plane.
I'm just as sad as sad can be!
I'm just looking around.
I'm just the drummer.
I'm just waiting on a friend.
I'm leaving Friday anyway.
I'm looking forward to not being able to drive 65, either.
I'm looking forward to working with you on this next year.
I'm no lousy hoodlum.
I'm no magician, Spock, just an old country doctor.
I'm not HOWARD COSELL!
I'm not a god, I was misquoted.
I'm not afraid of dying, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
I'm not available for comment.
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish: God Almighty made 'em to match the men.
I'm not good for much, but I can at least make a decision.
I'm not laughing with you, I'm laughing at you.
I'm not offering myself as an example; every life evolves by its own laws.
I'm not prejudiced, I hate everyone equally.
I'm not really for apathy, but I'm not against it either.
I'm not stupid, I'm not expendable, and I'M NOT GOING!
I'm not sure where we'd go, but I think there were some bees there.
I'm not sure, but if the 80386 is one step closer to Intel's slugfest with the CPU curve that is aymptotically approaching a real machine, perhaps an int has been implemented as 32 bits by some Unix vendors.
I'm not talking about ordinary modular programming carefulness here.
I'm not tense, just terribly, terribly alert!
I'm not the person your mother warned you about.
I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am.
I'm only doing this because I love you.
I'm only doing this for your own good.
I'm only thinking about two things, Guerrero said.
I'm playing with Bird, and 'Trane, and Count Basie drops in all the time!
I'm prepared for all emergencies but totally unprepared for everyday life.
I'm pretending I'm pulling in a TROUT!
I'm proud to be paying taxes in the United States.
I'm really enjoying not talking to you.
I'm receiving a coded message from EUBIE BLAKE!
I'm reporting for duty as a modern person.
I'm sick of being trodden on!
I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
I'm sitting on my SPEED QUEEN.
I'm so broke I can't even pay attention.
I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here.
I'm so nice it makes you puke.
I'm sorry but at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator.
I'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you.
I'm sorry now I wrote it But I can tell you anyhow I'll kill you if you quote it.
I'm sorry, but if you don't sign, you're fired.
I'm sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
I'm sorry, replies the man on the camel, I don't have any water with me.
I'm sorry, sir, ties required.
I'm standing at third, knowing I'm not going anywhere, and see Brandy start to take a lead.
I'm still a professional trying to be the best actress I can.
I'm still confused as to what groups articles should be posted to.
I'm still not convinced.
I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.
I'm strapped for cash and I haven't the slightest idea where I'm going to get it from!
I'm sure he's telling the truth though; why would he lie about a thing like that?
I'm sure that VMS is completely documented, I just haven't found the right manual yet.
I'm sure the cattle prod would be effective in this regard.
I'm sure you can give it a better turn.
I'm taking a VAX-NAP.
I'm telling you why, Santa Claus is coming, to town.
I'm the one who poisoned you.
I'm the person your mother warned you about.
I'm tired o' gnawing old bones and skins; I've a mind to dine on thee now.
I'm told that Dostoyevsky wrote The Brothers Karamazov to raise the question of whether there is a God.
I'm told they can be very effective.
I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!
I'm very good at integral and differential calculus, I know the scientific names of beings animalculous; In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral, I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
I'm very good in beds as well.
I'm very old-fashioned.
I'm willing to sacrifice anything for this cause, even other people's lives.
I'm writing a dissertation on how rabbits eat foxes, said the rabbit.
I'm writing down all the noises he makes so later I can ask him what he meant.
I'm writing the 2'nd chapter of my thesis, on how rabbits devour wolves.
I've already got a female to worry about.
I've already told you more than I know.
I've always considered statesmen to be more expendable than soldiers.
I've always made it a solemn practice to never drink anything stronger than tequila before breakfast.
I've always thought that Minix was a fine idea, and competently done.
I've always wanted to work in the Federal Mint.
I've asked for it to be replaced, but nobody ever listens.
I've been here for only three days.
I've been in more laps than a napkin.
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
I've been on this lonely road so long, Does anybody know where it goes, I remember last time the signs pointed home, A month ago.
I've been waiting all my life to use that line.
I've been watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks.
I've been watching you from way off.
I've died and gone to rock and roll heaven.
I've doctored the tape, your message will implicate you in a federal crime and be brought to the attention of the F.
I've enjoyed just about as much of this as I can stand.
I've finally found the perfect girl, I couldn't ask for more, She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed, And owns a liquor store.
I've finally learned what upward compatible means.
I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
I've gone to CLUB MED!
I've got a bad feeling about this.
I've got a very bad feeling about this.
I've got all the money I'll ever need if I die by 4 o'clock.
I've got eight slugs in me.
I've got some bad news for you, says the friend.
I've got some great new illusions, right here!
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.
I've had one of those lives.
I've heard a lot of silly things, but, Lor'!
I've heard about civil Engineers, but I've never met one.
I've just GOT to start labeling my software.
I've just learned about his illness.
I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it.
I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
I've missed your special date.
I've moved up one at last.
I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember.
I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
I've never done anything illegal before.
I've never tried this, but it sounds as though it should work.
I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.
I've only got 12 cards.
I've read all the greats Both starving and fat, But none was as great as I tot I taw a puddy tat.
I've run DOOM more in the last few days than I have the last few months.
I've seen the forgeries I've sent out.
I've spent almost all of my life with highly intelligent men.
I've started a novel adaptation and the studio advanced me fifty thousand dollars on it.
I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness; And from that full meridian of my glory I haste now to my setting.
I, I am sure that only Real Men could have written such a machine-hogging, cycle-grabbing, all-encompassing monster.
I, through intelligence, Having wrecked my whole life, Only hope the baby will prove Ignorant and stupid.
IBM chose to do all of them.
IBM digs a big HOLE in the ground and covers it with leaves.
IBM uses what I like to call the 'hole-in-the-ground technique' to destroy the competition.
IBM's Yorktown Heights Research Center.
IBM's screens are designed for language, not pictures.
IBM: It may be slow, but it's hard to use.
IF I HAD A MINE SHAFT, I don't think I would just abandon it.
IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make any difference if it takes a while to fix it.
IRS hates competition!
IT MAKES ME MAD when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, You can't throw that chicken to the dolphins.
Ice Cream cures all ills.
Idaho state law makes it illegal for a man to give his sweetheart a box of candy weighing less than fifty pounds.
Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement.
Identify your visitor.
Idiots, explosives and falling anvils.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
If America weren't incomparably ignorant, how could we have tolerated the last eight years?
If Beethoven's Seventh Symphony is not by some means abridged, it will soon fall into disuse.
If Blake said that, said Father Brian, he never lived in Dublin.
If Diet Coke did not exist it would have been neccessary to invent it.
If Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle get together for lunch, they will call each other Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle.
If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three to a can.
If God had a beard, he'd be a UNIX programmer.
If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.
If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.
If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit Ears.
If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their Heads.
If God had meant for us to be in the Army, we would have been born with green, baggy skin.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
If God had not given us sticky tape, it would have been necessary to invent it.
If God had really intended men to fly, he'd make it easier to get to the airport.
If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would have made them cute and furry.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
If God hadn't wanted you to be paranoid, He wouldn't have given you such a vivid imagination.
If God is One, what is bad?
If God is dead, who will save the Queen?
If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
If God wanted us to have a President, He would have sent us a candidate.
If Gorbachev tries to destroy the system or make too many fundamental changes to it, I believe the system will get rid of him.
If He didn't, why is it so close to Texas?
If I abstain from fun and such, I'll probably amount to much; But I shall stay the way I am, Because I do not give a damn.
If I am elected no one will ever have to do their laundry again!
If I bought a pumpkin farm, they'd cancel Halloween.
If I can have honesty, it's easier to overlook mistakes.
If I can read my notes from the Ask Dr.
If I can set up the quote via fast-forwarding and stopping the tape, and without splicing, I don't put ellipses in.
If I can't see them, I make them up.
If I cannot bend Heaven, I shall move Hell.
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
If I could stick a knife in my heart, Suicide right on the stage, Would it be enough for your teenage lust, Would it help to ease the pain?
If I could stick my pen in my heart, I would spill it all over the stage.
If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the cologne, now would I?
If I cut words off the beginning or end of a quote, I don't put ellipses, but neither do I capitalize something that wasn't capitalized before the cut.
If I do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go to hell.
If I do not want others to quote me, I do not speak.
If I don't drive around the park, I'm pretty sure to make my mark.
If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.
If I don't study it, how can I know it?
If I ever get around to writing that language depompisifier, it will change almost all occurences of the word paradigm into example or model.
If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
If I had a formula for bypassing trouble, I would not pass it around.
If I had any humility I would be perfect.
If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from a laboratory jar at Harvard.
If I had heart failure right now, I couldn't be a more fortunate man!
If I had it to do over again, I would go places and do things and travel lighter than I have.
If I had my life to live over, I would start bare-footed earlier in the spring and stay that way later in the fall.
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
If I had the whole universe, I'd give it to you, Janice.
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on my shoulders.
If I have not seen so far it is because I stood in giant's footsteps.
If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the shoulders of giants.
If I have to cry, I think of my sex life.
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
If I kiss you, that is an psychological interaction.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
If I promised you the moon and the stars, would you believe it?
If I set here and stare at nothing long enough, people might think I'm an engineer working on something.
If I tell you there are 3.
If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow As Dame Fortune did intend, Murphy would be there to tell me The pot's at the other end.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.
If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
If I were promoted, I would do nothing but waste everyone's time.
If I were to walk on water, the press would say I'm only doing it because I can't swim.
If I were you, I'd walk right up and smack them in the face.
If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?
If I win, you get a divorce so I can marry her.
If I'd known computer science was going to be like this, I'd never have given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
If I'm in bed each night by ten, I may get back my looks again.
If I'm not there I know I'm not dead.
If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
If I'm what I eat, I'm a chocolate chip cookie.
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times, resist hyperbole.
If Interactive EasyFlow doesn't work: tough.
If Jesus Christ came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.
If Jesus came back today, and saw what was going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up.
If John Madden steps outside on February 2, looks down, and doesn't see his feet, we'll have 6 more weeks of Pro football.
If Karl, instead of writing a lot about Capital, had made a lot of Capital, it would have been much better.
If Machiavelli were a hacker, he'd have worked for the CSSG.
If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad, he should see how bad it is with representation.
If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with pool cues, who would win?
If Robert Di Niro assassinates Walter Slezak, will Jodie Foster marry Bonzo?
If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast is a camel's behind.
If a child annoys you, quiet him by brushing his hair.
If a computer can't directly address all the RAM you can use, it's just a toy.
If a fool persists in his folly he shall become wise.
If a guru falls in the forest with no one to hear him, was he really a guru at all?
If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
If a man had a child who'd gone anti-social, killed perhaps, he'd still tend to protect that child.
If a man has a strong faith he can indulge in the luxury of skepticism.
If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed.
If a man loses his reverence for any part of life, he will lose his reverence for all of life.
If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
If a man stay away from his wife for seven years, the law presumes the separation to have killed him; yet according to our daily experience, it might well prolong his life.
If a man would not labour in the salt and rock quarries then he should not accept of the Earth that which he refuses to give of himself.
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free,.
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it will lose that, too.
If a person is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect.
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped.
If a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing well.
If a small boy can get dirty, he will.
If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points.
If a string has one end, it has another.
If a string has one end, then it has another end.
If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as if he had lost his senses.
If a system is administered wisely, its users will be content.
If a tarpaulin can flap, it will.
If a team is in a positive frame of mind, it will have a good attitude.
If a teenager can go out, he will.
If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
If a thing's worth having, it's worth cheating for.
If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever to get a fix of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude that netnews is far more addictive than cocaine.
If all Russians talk as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a major world power.
If all be true that I do think, There be five reasons why one should drink; Good friends, good wine, or being dry, Or lest we should be by-and-by, Or any other reason why.
If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
If all else fails, lower your standards.
If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?
If all the Chinese simultaneously jumped into the Pacific off a 10 foot platform erected 10 feet off their coast, it would cause a tidal wave that would destroy everything in this country west of Nebraska.
If all the seas were ink, And all the reeds were pens, And all the skies were parchment, And all the men could write, These would not suffice To write down all the red tape Of this Government.
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
If all the world's economists were laid end to end, we wouldn't reach a conclusion.
If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
If all your friends jumped off the cliff, would you jump too?
If an '80s couple goes to a restaurant where they have made a reservation three weeks in advance, and they are informed that their table is available, they stalk out immediately, because they know it is not an excellent restaurant.
If an S and an I and an O and a U With an X at the end spell Su; And an E and a Y and an E spell I, Pray what is a speller to do?
If an artist is beaten, none shall pay fines for it.
If an average person on the subway turns to you, like an ancient mariner, and starts telling you her tale, you turn away or nod and hope she stops, not just because you fear she might be crazy.
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
If any man wishes to be humbled and mortified, let him become president of Harvard.
If any of us had been born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken out and shot.
If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is.
If anyone has seen my dog, please contact me at x2883 as soon as possible.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average.
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
If at first you fricasee, fry, fry again.
If atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which God is identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then I have no doubt, and I think few people doubt, that atheists are as plentiful as blackberries.
If bag not available, steam in greased basin covered by greaseproof paper and cloth for four to five hours.
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
If built in great numbers, motels will be used for nothing but illegal purposes.
If condition persists, consult your physician.
If cyberpunk is just a word we use to describe a particular style and imagery in sf, how can it be dead?
If desire arises within him, he utters the magic syllables that causes the desired object to appear.
If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
If economic rehabilitation is the ultimate goal of drug testing, then criteria abandoning the rehabilitation of the drug-using worker is the purest of hypocrisy and the worst of rationalization.
If elected, Zippy pledges to each and every American a 55-year-old houseboy.
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
If ever the pleasure of one has to be bought by the pain of the other, there better be no trade.
If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a deal faster.
If everybody pulled that kind of subversive stunt, the economy would collapse overnight.
If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane.
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing.
If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.
If for every rule there is an exception, then we have established that there is an exception to every rule.
If graphics hackers are so smart, why can't they get the bugs out of fresh paint?
If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
If he closes his eyes, he causes the world to disappear.
If he does not, then he is not a master, after all, and you may feel free to kick his ass.
If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist, in whatever way he wants.
If he had only learnt a little less, how infinitely better he might have taught much more!
If he learns from his mistakes, pretty soon he'll know everything.
If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
If he opens his eyes, he causes the world to come back.
If he should ever change his faith, it'll be because he no longer thinks he's God.
If he should stop before I wake, Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
If he's got to be careful not to drink too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
If his forehead is bruised, he did it himself and the case is dismissed.
If his forehead is not bruised, the other man did it and must pay three silver pieces.
If hostile, kill him.
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?
If imprinted foil seal under cap is broken or missing when purchased, do not use.
If in any problem you find yourself doing an immense amount of work, the answer can be obtained by simple inspection.
If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues that now seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding of their world, not in their distorted perceptions.
If it ain't baroque, don't phiques it.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it ain't broke, fix it.
If it breaks then you get to keep both pieces.
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway.
If it didn't taste bad, it wouldn't be good for you.
If it does exist, it's out of date.
If it doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a corner.
If it doesn't run Unix, forget it.
If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
If it doesn't work, it's physics.
If it fails, admit it frankly and try another.
If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.
If it happens once, it's a bug.
If it happens twice, it's a feature.
If it happens, it must be possible.
If it has syntax, it isn't user friendly.
If it heals good, say it.
If it is a Miracle, any sort of evidence will answer, but if it is a Fact, proof is necessary.
If it is not, there is no cause for adjournment.
If it is, I choose to be found doing my duty.
If it isn't aesthetically pleasing, it's probably wrong.
If it only made hardware, nobody would buy it.
If it only maintained systems, people would treat it like a servant.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If it should exist, it doesn't.
If it smells it's chemistry, if it crawls it's biology, if it doesn't work it's physics.
If it starts working, we'll fix it.
If it stinks, it's chemistry.
If it was bad, it will be back.
If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.
If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.
If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao.
If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
If it were thought that anything I wrote was influenced by Robert Frost, I would take that particular work of mine, shred it, and flush it down the toilet, hoping not to clog the pipes.
If it were, it would have an enormous crowd of excellence-oriented people like themselves waiting, their beepers going off like crickets in the night.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.
If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.
If it works, it isn't X windows.
If it works, it's out of date.
If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.
If it's broke, don't fix it.
If it's down, we'll blow it up.
If it's green or wiggles, it's biology.
If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.
If it's not loud, it doesn't work!
If it's not working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
If it's too loud, you're too old.
If it's up, we'll shoot it down.
If it's working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
If it's worth doing, it's worth doing for money.
If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.
If life exists on other planets, this may be the first message received from us.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.
If life is merely a joke, the question still remains: for whose amusement?
If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?
If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women you've got in the house.
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by the page number.
If men are not afraid to die, it is of no avail to threaten them with death.
If men live in constant fear of dying, And if breaking the law means a man will be killed, Who will dare to break the law?
If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
If not across the Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda.
If not that, at least make some money.
If not voting could change the system, it would be illegal.
If not, how do we know that?
If not, the bear would just as likely remove your head with one swat of a paw.
If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking, and from that to incivility and procrastination.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any connection of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of religious teaching in state-maintained schools, the immediate and superficial answer is not far to seek.
If one passenger were to give a seat to someone who fainted in the aisle, say, the others on the bus would become disoriented and imagine they were in Topeka Kansas.
If one studies too zealously, one easily loses his pants.
If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
If only Dionysus were alive!
If only God would give me some clear sign!
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.
If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.
If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.
If only you knew she loved you, you could face the uncertainty of whether you love her.
If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
If others differ from him in opinion concerning those qualities, it is open to them to say so; and the discussion, truthfully conducted, must lead to public advantage: the discussion stimulates curiosity, and curiosity stimu- lates invention.
If our behavior is strict, we do not need fun!
If parents would only realize how they bore their children.
If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.
If people concentrated on the really important things in life, there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
If people drank ink instead of Schlitz, they'd be better off.
If people have to choose between freedom and sandwiches, they will take sandwiches.
If people see that you mean them no harm, they'll never hurt you, nine times out of ten!
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
If programmers wrote programs the way builders build buildings, we'd still be using autocoder and running compile decks.
If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.
If rabbits' feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?
If rage shatters his inner harmony, the unity of the world is shattered.
If rats are experimented upon, they will develop cancer.
If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
If reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only once.
If researchers wrote nursery rhymes.
If science were explained to the average person in a way that is accessible and exciting, there would be no room for pseudoscience.
If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical world.
If she had not been cupric in her ions, Her shape ovoidal, Their romance might have flourished.
If she had not said what he wanted to hear, And he had not done just the same, They'd have been far more honest, and never have met, And would not have had fun with the game.
If she had touched me, he said very softly, I would have been hers and not my own, not ever again.
If she tells her tale on camera, you might listen.
If she's a deck, and Danbala's a program, what's cyberspace?
If so, then let the Famous Programmers' School lead you on.
If so, we can use TWO DOZEN!
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
If so, you probably have the makings of an excellent legal case.
If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
If some day we are defeated, well, war has its fortunes, good and bad.
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
If somebody gets handed a name like H.
If someone had told me I would be Pope one day, I would have studied harder.
If someone is turning a knob on an oscilloscope, then if he's carefully adjusting it he is probably tweaking it; if he is just turning it but looking at the screen he is probably twiddling it; but if he's just doing it because turning a knob is fun, he's frobbing it.
If someone says he will do something without fail, he won't.
If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra.
If something has not yet gone wrong then it would ultimately have been beneficial for it to go wrong.
If something important happens anywhere at all in the world, no matter what time of the day or night, you can always change the channel.
If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the way they do?
If that doesn't terrify you, it should.
If that happened, he told her, she should fire her gun three times into the air and he would come to her aid.
If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem.
If that man in the PTL is such a healer, why can't he make his wife's hairdo go down?
If that's the worst pain you'll ever feel, you should be thankful.
If that's too soon, you can leave in a minute and a huff.
If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream and never be our destiny.
If the English language made any sense, lackadaisical would have something to do with a shortage of flowers.
If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!
If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.
If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would presumably flunk it.
If the application is great, then the user is pleased and there is harmony in the world.
If the bear liked you, you were knighted on the spot.
If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however, church attendance will exceed all expectations.
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.
If the compiler is great, then the application is great.
If the compiler is greater, then the applications is great.
If the ends don't justify the means, then what does?
If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
If the fried druit gets stuck in the beaters, just pry it loose with a screwdriver.
If the future isn't what it used to be, does that mean that the past is subject to change in times to come?
If the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief, and go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth along your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.
If the girl feels anything for you at all, you'll know.
If the girl you love moves in with another guy once, it's more than enough.
If the government doesn't trust the people, why doesn't it dissolve them and elect a new people?
If the grass is greener on other side of fence, consider what may be fertilizing it.
If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't.
If the man in the glass is your friend.
If the master dies and the disciple grieves, the lives of both have been wasted.
If the meanings of true and false were switched, then this sentence would not be false.
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.
If the operating system is great, then the compiler is great.
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
If the probability of success is not almost one, it is damn near zero.
If the program fails in these requirements, it will be in a state of disorder and confusion.
If the rich could pay the poor to die for them, what a living the poor could make!
If the shoe fits, buy the other one too.
If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
If the thunder don't get you, then the lightning will.
If the vending machine doesn't sell it, they don't eat it.
If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job.
If the very old will remember, the very young will listen.
If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down.
If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down.
If their object in going down was to participate in the Thanksgiving festivities of that city, they would arrive the day after the affair, and of course be sadly disappointed thereby.
If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.
If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win.
If there are self-made purgatories, then we all have to live in them.
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur of this life.
If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
If there is any realistic deterrent to marriage, it's the fact that you can't afford divorce.
If there is harmony within him, the world is harmonious.
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
If there is no wind, row.
If there isn't a population problem, why is the government putting cancer in the cigarettes?
If there was any justice in the world, trust would be a four-letter word.
If there were a school for, say, sheet metal workers, that after three years left its graduates as unprepared for their careers as does law school, it would be closed down in a minute, and no doubt by lawyers.
If there were no witches, human testimony and human reason are alike destitute of value.
If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't hesitate to ask!
If there's one thing I hate, it's a liar.
If these three aren't enough, just stay at your home directory and let all processes take their course.
If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly.
If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
If they bring a car back late we overlook it.
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you.
If they can't understand, they can't disagree.
If they come out of habit, they become tiresome.
If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.
If they do foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.
If they find you, LIE!
If they had not dared to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
If they recalled every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become insupportable.
If they were so inclined, they could impeach him because they don't like his necktie.
If they work, they go in the Book.
If they're smart, that is.
If they're those little pastry things where you can't tell what's inside, you take one, bite off about two-thirds of it, then say: This is cheese!
If they've had a crash and it doesn't involve another vehicle we might overlook that too.
If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.
If this be error and upon me proved, I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
If this doesn't work, use the other side of the brush on the other end of the child.
If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.
If this had been an actual emergency, do you really think we'd stick around to tell you?
If this is a service economy, why is the service so bad?
If this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and software engineers dig each other's graves.
If this is the way Queen Victoria treats her prisoners, he remarked, she doesn't deserve to have any.
If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely.
If voting could change the system, it would be illegal.
If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.
If we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good.
If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
If we can prevent the government from wasting the labor of the people, under the pretense of caring for them, they will be happy.
If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would all be millionaires.
If we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are headed.
If we don't find ways to begin to understand that capitalism's highest potential lies in the common good, not in the individual good, then we're risking the system itself.
If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
If we heard a noise at night, we'd bark ourselves.
If we just find a big enough wrench.
If we men married the women we deserved, we should have a very bad time of it.
If we run into such debts, we must be taxed in our meat and drink, in our necessities and in our comforts, in our labor and in our amusements.
If we see the light at the end of the tunnel, it's the light of an oncoming train.
If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world.
If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty, we encourage it, and involve others in our doom.
If we travel together we will become famous and earn vast sums of money.
If we value the lifelong learning of arts and letters as a springboard for personal and societal growth, should any less effort be spent to make computing a part of our lives?
If we went around the moon it would not make a pennyworth of difference to me or my work.
If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage.
If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us with alarm clocks.
If we will candidly confess the truth, we know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as his about the support of the eart You are transported to a room where you are faced by a wizard who points to you and says, Them's fighting words!
If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.
If what already is, is more important than what isn't, the game is over.
If what they've been doing hasn't solved the problem, tell them to do something else.
If while you are in school, there is a shortage of qualified personnel in a particular field, then by the time you graduate with the necessary qualifications, that field's employment market is glutted.
If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.
If women are supposed to be less rational and more emotional at the beginning of our menstrual cycle, when the female hormone is at its lowest level, then why isn't it logical to say that in those few days women behave the most like the way men behave all month long?
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
If you MUST get married, it is always advisable to marry beauty.
If you add an s to this, Great is the metamorphosis.
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.
If you analyse anything, you destroy it.
If you are a decent person, you will not sell me another book.
If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it?
If you are a news admin, or there is one on your machine, try news.
If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
If you are beginning to doubt what I am saying, you are probably hallucinating.
If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if brusque, your character.
If you are for yourself, then what are you?
If you are gentle where he is rough, if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as potentially worthy.
If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
If you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.
If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.
If you are honest because honesty is the best policy, your honesty is corrupt.
If you are in a fit of the blues, go nowhere else.
If you are looking for a kindly, well-to-do older gentleman who is no longer interested in sex, take out an ad in The Wall Street Journal.
If you are not for yourself, who will be for you?
If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than words.
If you are over 80 years old and accompanied by your parents, we will cash your check.
If you are real good, you will get out of it.
If you are shooting under 80 you are neglecting your business; over 80 you are neglecting your golf.
If you are smart enough to know that you're not smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.
If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.
If you are what you eat, does that mean Euell Gibbons really was a nut?
If you aren't rich you should always look useful.
If you ask them a real tax question, such as how you can cheat, they're useless.
If you call a wee thing with chubby cheeks and pink hair ribbons a woman, you will probably not get into trouble, and if you do, you will be able to handle it because she will be under three feet tall.
If you call to ask about the ingredients, you are told that you don't need to know.
If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
If you can get close enough to look into her eyes There's something special right behind the bitterness she hides.
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, then you clearly don't understand the situation.
If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.
If you can read this, you're too close.
If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.
If you can write a nation's stories, you needn't worry about who makes its laws.
If you can't be careful, give me a call.
If you can't be good, be careful.
If you can't debate me, then there is no way in hell you'll out-insult me.
If you can't get a taxi, you can leave in a huff.
If you can't get your work done in the first 24 hours, work nights.
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
If you can't read this, blame a teacher.
If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
If you can't say anything nice, say nothing at all.
If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
If you can't, at least don't hurt others.
If you can, help others.
If you cannot in the long run tell everyone what you have been doing, your doing was worthless.
If you close your arms about love you'll find you are left only holding yourself.
If you collapse on a street in New York, plan to spend a few days there.
If you commute, there will be a minimum of 6 hours between the two classes.
If you compare your outputs with those of others, you may be surprised, for always there will be greater and lesser numbers than you have crunched.
If you continually give you will continually have.
If you contribute 30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to The Fortune Hunter, our monthly program guide.
If you contribute 50 or more, you will receive a free Fortune Hunter coffee mug.
If you dared, I'd ask you to go dig up your ides under brown- tubered skies.
If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
If you didn't have most of your friends, you wouldn't have most of your problems.
If you didn't have to work so hard, you'd have more time to be depressed.
If you disagree with these religious groups on a particular moral issue, they complain, they threaten you with a loss of money or votes or both.
If you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it.
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
If you do something right once, someone will ask you to do it again.
If you do think, don't speak.
If you do your best the rest of the way, that takes care of everything.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
If you don't care where you are, you ain't lost.
If you don't do it now, you'll hate yourself in the morning.
If you don't do it, you'll never know what would have happened if you had done it.
If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?
If you don't drink it, someone else will.
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
If you don't know what game you're playing, don't ask what the score is.
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
If you don't like it, you can lump it.
If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.
If you don't like the way I drive, stay off the sidewalk!
If you don't like this disclaimer: tough.
If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
If you don't strike oil in twenty minutes, stop boring.
If you don't trust the users, you make them untrustworthy.
If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do: Pour a little Lavoris in the toilet.
If you don't, it's its.
If you drink, don't park.
If you drive a big, patriotic, American car you have nothing to worry about.
If you ever want to get anywhere in politics, my boy, you're going to have to get a toehold in the public eye.
If you ever want to have a lot of fun, I recommend that you go off and program an imbedded system.
If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will.
If you fail to plan, plan to fail.
If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
If you feel powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do with as you will.
If you find a solution and become attached to it, the solution may become your next problem.
If you flaunt it, expect to have it trashed.
If you float on instinct alone, how can you calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
If you fool around with something long enough, it will eventually break.
If you give Congress a chance to vote on both sides of an issue, it will always do it.
If you give a man enough rope, he'll claim he's tied up at the office.
If you give him a new tie, he will pretend to like it, but deep inside he will hate you.
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce.
If you go out of your mind, do it quietly, so as not to disturb those around you.
If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.
If you had better tools, you could more effectively demonstrate your total incompetence.
If you had just a minute to breathe, And they granted you one final wish, Would you ask for something Like another chance?
If you have a mad dog with rabies, you take a gun and shoot him.
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
If you have already paid, please disregard this message.
If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
If you have no ice cream, I will take it away from you.
If you have not already heard the analogy, the answer is shattering.
If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.
If you have received a letter inviting you to speak at the dedication of a new cat hospital, and you hate cats, your reply, declining the invitation, does not necessarily have to cover the full range of your emotions.
If you have some ice cream, I will give it to you.
If you have the slightest bit of intellectual integrity you cannot support the government.
If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.
If you have to hate, hate gently.
If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.
If you have to think about some- thing so hard, then it's bullshit anyway; that's the idea.
If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?
If you haven't enjoyed the material in the last few lectures then a career in chartered accountancy beckons.
If you hype it and it fails, then it was just a hype.
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot yourself in the posterior.
If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it.
If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.
If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
If you keep sucking your thumb, it'll fall off.
If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of rubbish into it.
If you knew what to say next, would you say it?
If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.
If you know the answer to a question, don't ask.
If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end.
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn 365 useless things.
If you leave the guy alive out of misguided softheartedness, he will repay your generosity of spirit by suing you for causing his subsequent paraplegia and seek to force you to support him for the rest of his rotten life.
If you liked the mountains, head for the Busch!
If you list all the newsgroups in the same article, some newsreaders will only show the the article to the reader once!
If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee.
If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat.
If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made because very few people die past the age of a hundred.
If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
If you lose a million because Interactive EasyFlow messes up, it's you that's out the million, not us.
If you lose a son you can always get another, but there's only one Maltese Falcon.
If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get rich, or famous or both.
If you love someone, set them free.
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really make them think they'll hate you.
If you managed to read all three questions without wondering why we asked them, you may have a future as a computer programmer.
If you marry a man who cheats on his wife, you'll be married to a man who cheats on his wife.
If you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break.
If you miss, you may hit a star.
If you mistake what is relative for something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
If you need help, call the C.
If you need some help, give us a call.
If you notice that a person is deceiving you, they must not be deceiving you very well.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
If you order before midnight, you'll also get Famous Numbers of Famous People as a bonus gift, absolutely free!
If you own a machine, you are in turn owned by it, and spend your time serving it.
If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly develop.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you.
If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.
If you push the extra ice button on the soft drink vending machine, you won't get any ice.
If you push the no ice button, you'll get ice, but no cup.
If you put it off long enough, it might go away.
If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out but tomfoolery.
If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a restaurant.
If you rap your knuckles against a window jamb or door, if you brush your leg against a bed or desk, if you catch your foot in a curled- up corner of a rug, or strike a toe against a desk or chair, go back and repeat the sequence.
If you really care about the person, you do what's necessary, or that's the end.
If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but I've already paid them half of it.
If you refuse to accept anything but the best you very often get it.
If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.
If you resist reading what you disagree with, how will you ever acquire deeper insights into what you believe?
If you see Tubby in a parking lot he may have a sheepish grin.
If you see a bright streak in the sky coming at you, duck.
If you sell diamonds, you cannot expect to have many customers.
If you sit down at a poker game and don't see a sucker, get up.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research.
If you stew apples like cranberries, they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker, It is slick to stick a lock upon your stock.
If you stick your head in the sand, one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.
If you stole a dog and were caught, you were punished with twelve rabbit punches, although it was hard to find rabbits big enough or strong enough to punch you.
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
If you take a single step, you'll not only repay the damages but stand trial for perjury.
If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.
If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real harm.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
If you think and speak, don't write.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
If you think our liquor laws are funny, you should see our underwear!
If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with your Bic.
If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
If you think the system is working, ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.
If you think they will change everything and become a free, open society, forget it!
If you think things are in a mess now, just wait!
If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you lack sufficient imagination.
If you think you have the solution, the question was poorly phrased.
If you think, speak and write, don't sign.
If you think, speak, write and sign, don't be surprised.
If you throw a New Year's Party, the worst thing that you can do would be to throw the kind of party where your guests wake up today, and call you to say they had a nice time.
If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
If you took everyone who's ever been to a Dead show, and lined them up, they'd stretch halfway to the moon and back.
If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.
If you try to take his place, It is like trying to be a master carpenter and cutting wood.
If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything.
If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day, you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily.
If you wait long enough, it will go away.
If you want divine justice, die.
If you want me to be a good little bunny just dangle some carats in front of my nose.
If you want something, it can wait.
If you want the best things to happen in corporate life you have to find ways to be hospitable to the unusual person.
If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
If you want to come, you're not invited.
If you want to create a haven for people with narrower visions, feel free.
If you want to eat hippopatomus, you've got to pay the freight.
If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.
If you want to get rich from writing, write the sort of thing that's read by persons who move their lips when the're reading to themselves.
If you want to give a man something practical, consider tires.
If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.
If you want to know what god thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
If you want to know what happens to you when you die, go look at some dead stuff.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.
If you want to read about love and marriage you've got to buy two separate books.
If you want to see card tricks, you have to expect to take cards.
If you want to stay there all night, it's okay with me.
If you want to travel around the world and be invited to speak at a lot of different places, just write a Unix operating system.
If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the Constitution.
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.
If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your head.
If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it, even if they don't know what it means.
If you waste your time cooking, you'll miss the next meal.
If you weren't my teacher, I'd think you just deleted all my files.
If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and heartbeats.
If you win, I promise never to see her again.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
If you wish women to love you, be original; I know a man who wore fur boots summer and winter, and women fell in love with him.
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
If you would know the value of money, go try to borrow some.
If you would like, I could sing it for you.
If you would understand your own age, read the works of fiction produced in it.
If you'll allow me, I'd like to buy it for you.
If you'll excuse me a minute, I'm going to have a cup of coffee.
If you're a female Emperor penguin in the Antarctic.
If you're bored, I've got some chores for you.
If you're careful enough, nothing bad or good will ever happen to you.
If you're carrying a torch, put it down.
If you're constantly being mistreated, you're cooperating with the treatment.
If you're crossing the nation in a covered wagon, it's better to have four strong oxen than 100 chickens.
If you're ever walking down the street and you notice some people who look particularly smug, the odds are that they are taking tools for granted.
If you're feeling good, don't worry.
If you're going to America, bring your own food.
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
If you're happy, you're successful.
If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs around your home are too difficult to tackle.
If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection.
If you're not careful, you're going to catch something.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was this little hole in the bottom.
If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war, As well as by traffic and crime, Consider how worry-free gophers are, Though living on burrowed time.
If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe?
If your aim in life is nothing, you can't miss.
If your bread is stale, make toast.
If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use the word collectible as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified success.
If your child thinks he wants Murderous Bob, the Doll with the Face You Can Rip Right Off, you'd better get it.
If your cursor finds a menu item followed by a dash, And the double-clicking icon puts your window in the trash, And your data is corrupted 'cause the index doesn't hash, then your situation's hopeless, and your system's gonna crash!
If your hands are clean and your cause is just and your demands are reasonable, at least it's a start.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.
If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
If your information isn't in their database, then you simply don't get to go anywhere.
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
If your mother knew what you're doing, she'd probably hang her head and cry.
If your parents didn't have any children, neither will you.
If your party is successful, the police will knock on your door, unless your party is very successful in which case they will lob tear gas through your living room window.
If your stomach antagonizes you, pacify it with cool thoughts.
If youth but knew, if old age but could.
If, however, one feels much happiness in this, it is because at bottom one is not thinking of oneself but of one's ideal.
If, however, the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more intimate nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your pink tongue.
If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.
If, on the other hand, you kill him, the most that you can expect is that a relative will bring a wrongful death action.
Igmmlptk, he replied at which point she ran away.
Ignorance is never out of style.
Ignorance is our most important resource.
Ignorance is strength.
Ignorance is the soil in which belief in miracles grows.
Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.
Ignorance must certainly be bliss or there wouldn't be so many people so resolutely pursuing it.
Ignore previous fortune.
Ignore the fact that sloppy spelling in a purely written forum sends out the same silent messages that soiled clothing would when addressing an audience.
Ignore those who suggest you should only use groups where you think the article is highly appropriate.
Ill-chosen abstraction is particularly evident in the design of the ADA runtime system.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.
Illness is always an interaction between both.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
Imaginary creatures are trapped in birth on celluloid.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
Imagination without skill gives us modern art.
Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way.
Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer.
Imagine the posting as a tape-recording of the poster's thoughts.
Imagine what we can imagine!
Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
Imitation is the sincerest form of plagarism.
Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.
Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.
Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal.
Immature poets imitate, mature poets steal.
Immediately top each cookie with a Hershey's kiss or star pressing down firmly to crack cookie.
Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.
Immediately, one of the boys threw his rod down and started running through the woods like the proverbial bat out of hell, and hot on his heels ran the Game Warden.
Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
Immortal maiden elven-wise, About him cast her shadowy hair And arms like silver glimmering.
Immortality consists largely of boredom.
Impassioned lovers wrestle as one.
Impatient hands wait eagerly to grasp, to hold scant moments of time wrested from life in the full glory of Canon's power; held captive by his unblinking eye.
Implications: we have been intercepted deliberately by a means unknown, for a purpose unknown, and transferred to a place unknown by a form of intelligence unknown.
Implicit in this definition is the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.
Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the mail.
Improper bladder control.
Improve its object code.
In 1639 the great poet's life was endangered after his capture by the Royalists during the English Civil War.
In 1750 Issac Newton became discouraged when he fell up a flight of stairs.
In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled waffles.
In 1880 the French captured Detroit but gave it back.
In 1901 Booth visited a London music-hall.
In 1914, the first crossword puzzle was printed in a newspaper.
In 1962 John Glenn orbited the earth.
In 1969, only 66 years after Orville Wright flew two feet off the ground for 12 seconds, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and I rocketed to the moon in Apollo 11.
In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality legislation.
In AWNS the AH function indicates that it has received a multiline message byte.
In AWNS the RFD message must be sent false and the DAC message must be sent passive true.
In Africa some of the native tribes have a custom of beating the ground with clubs and uttering spine chilling cries.
In America we call it golf.
In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one of the risks he takes.
In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you save.
In August 1975 three men were on their way in to rob the Royal Bank of Scotland at Rothesay, when they got stuck in the revolving doors.
In Blythe, California, a city ordinance declares that a person must own at least two cows before he can wear cowboy boots in public.
In Boston, it is illegal to hold frog-jumping contests in nightclubs.
In Brooklyn, we had such great pennant races, it made the World Series just something that came later.
In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent teacher should know.
In Carmen Jones, the camera tracks with Dorothy Dandridge down a street; and the entire film crew is reflected in the shop window.
In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point.
In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.
In Columbia, Pennsylvania, it is against the law for a pilot to tickle a female flying student under her chin with a feather duster in order to get her attention.
In Corning, Iowa, it's a misdemeanor for a man to ask his wife to ride in any motor vehicle.
In Decameron Nights, Louis Jourdain stands on the deck of his fourteenth century pirate ship; and a white lorry trundles down the hill in the background.
In Denver it is unlawful to lend your vacuum cleaner to your next-door neighbor.
In Devon, Connecticut, it is unlawful to walk backwards after sunset.
In Ellen's house it is warm and toasty while fuzzies play in the snow outside.
In English, every word can be verbed.
In France, under the law, everything is permitted, except that which is prohibited.
In Germany they first came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Communist.
In Germany, under the law, everything is prohibited, except that which is permitted.
In God we trust; all else we walk through.
In Greene, New York, it is illegal to eat peanuts and walk backwards on the sidewalks when a concert is on.
In Hollywood, all marriages are happy.
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
In India, cold weather is merely a conventional phrase and has come into use through the necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather which will melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
In Ireland, in Lebanon, in Palestine, in Berkeley, Patty Hearst.
In Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance.
In King Henry VI, Part II, Shakespeare has Dick Butcher suggest to his fellow anti-establishment rabble-rousers, The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
In Lexington, Kentucky, it's illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your pocket.
In Lowes Crossroads, Delaware, it is a violation of local law for any pilot or passenger to carry an ice cream cone in their pocket while either flying or waiting to board a plane.
In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they have obtained from books of travel.
In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.
In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait.
In Minnesota they ask why all football fields in Iowa have artificial turf.
In Nature there are neither rewards nor punishments, there are consequences.
In New York City, the answer was What's excuse me?
In New York in the summer it is a million degrees and the humidity is a million percent.
In New York in the winter it is million degrees below zero and the wind travels at a million miles an hour down 5th avenue.
In New York there are a million interesting people.
In Newark the laundromats are open 24 hours a day!
In Oz, never say krizzle kroo to a Woozy.
In Paris during 1924 he was beaten after only four moves by a Monsieur Lazard.
In Paris there reigns a complete absence of really reliable news is a periphrasis for There is no reliable news in Paris.
In Pierre Trudeau, Canada has finally produced a Prime Minister worthy of assassination.
In Pocataligo, Georgia, it is a violation for a woman over 200 pounds and attired in shorts to pilot or ride in an airplane.
In Pocatello, Idaho, a law passed in 1912 provided that The carrying of concealed weapons is forbidden, unless same are exhibited to public view.
In Poland, the answer was What's meat?
In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that is over six feet in length.
In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a moving automobile.
In Texas, the answer was What's a shortage?
In The Wrong Box, the roofs of Victorian London are emblazoned with television aerials.
In Tulsa, Oklahoma, it is against the law to open a soda bottle without the supervision of a licensed engineer.
In Viking Queen, set in the times of Boadicea, a wrist watch is clearly visible on one of the leading characters.
In West Union, Ohio, No married man can go flying without his spouse along at any time, unless he has been married for more than 12 months.
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan A stately pleasure dome decree: Where Alph, the sacred river, ran Through caverns measureless to man Down to a sunless sea.
In a booming voice, He says: THIS IS A SIGN.
In a bottle, the neck is always at the top.
In a cave in the hills he dwelt alone, And meat was hard to come by.
In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves: the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.
In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network anyway.
In a far land beyond the Sea.
In a few months it will be at genius level and a few months after that its powers will be incalculable.
In a first grade classroom everybody feels it; in a twelfth grade classroom almost nobody feels it, or at least acknowledges it.
In a five year period we can get one superb programming language.
In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, Hi, Junior, what are you up to?
In a gathering of two or more people, when a lighted cigarette is placed in an ashtray, the smoke will waft into the face of the non-smoker.
In a great romance, each person basically plays a part that the other really likes.
In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence.
In a medium in which a News Piece takes a minute and an In-Depth Piece takes two minutes, the Simple will drive out the Complex.
In a minimum-phase system there is an inextricable link between frequency response, phase response and transient response, as they are all merely transforms of one another.
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus, one when he was a boy and one when he was a man.
In a related change, the functions MAKE-ARRAY and CONS have been fixed so they don't allocate any storage except on the stack.
In a sheeting of white To lynch all the robots they can.
In a surprise raid last night, federal agents ransacked a house in search of a rebel computer hacker.
In a technology race at the time, that aircraft was two months ahead of the Concorde.
In a whiskey it's age, in a cigarette it's taste and in a sports car it's impossible.
In action, be careful of your timing.
In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less important to him than his table or his white robe.
In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's beloved.
In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.
In another fight, the wife decked him with a heavy glass pitcher.
In another place and time I did it all for thrills.
In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by slashing his abdomen with a knife.
In answering I began by observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right, but in the present case there appeared or semed to me some difference, etc.
In any case, a traverse mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention being easier to stake.
In any given document, you can't cover all the what if's.
In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work, the answer may be obtained by inspection.
In brief, the main external visible features of the cow are: two lookers, two hookers, four stander-uppers, four hanger-downers, and a swishy-wishy.
In buying horses and taking a wife shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.
In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.
In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools will be temporarily canceled.
In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout Fire!
In case of injury notify your superior immediately.
In charity there is no excess.
In computing, the mean time to failure keeps getting shorter.
In consequence, she cannot help feeling that her children are cruelly handicapped by the fact that he is their father.
In conversation, talking of someone who has entered the real world is not unlike talking about a deceased person.
In corporate life, I think there are three important areas which contracts can't deal with, the area of conflict, the area of change and area of reaching potential.
In court he will plead that he was depressed because society had failed him, and that he was looking for Mother Teresa for comfort and to offer his services to the poor.
In dealing with others, be gentle and kind.
In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
In dwelling, be close to the land.
In earlier days, virgins were often selected to beta test volcanos.
In either the hardware or housewares department, you'll find an item imported from an obscure Oriental country and described as Nine Tools in One, consisting of a little handle with interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental notions of tools that Americans might use around the home.
In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun.
In every non-trivial program there is at least one bug.
In every relationship that exists, people have to seek a way to survive.
In fact many scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the summer.
In fact the last year any new electricity was generated in the United States was 1937; the electric companies have been merely re-selling it ever since, which is why they have so much free time to apply for rate increases.
In fact, I'd try to have nothing else.
In fact, detachable magazines for the Uzi are available in 25-, 32-, and 40-round capacities, so you can take out an entire office full of Apple II or IBM Personal Computers tied into Ethernet or other local-area networks.
In fact, euphemism has become a euphemism for bald-faced lie.
In fact, if your old lady walks in on you, deny it.
In fact, it is as difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others as it is to invent.
In fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes they receive and send them back to the original givers the next year; some fruitcakes have been passed back and forth for hundreds of years.
In fact, most home projects are impossible, which is why you should do them yourself.
In fact, most people can't stand being around her.
In fact, the assembly of the scientific and military with these human arguments creates such an overwhelming case that in can be ignored only by those who are blind to the teachings of history, or who wish to suspend the development of civilization at its moment of greatest opportunity and drama.
In fact, the creator of differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's, largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work.
In fact, the language generally requires more C- statements than machine-code statements to execute a given task.
In fact, there are very few concepts that aren't.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not be economized by the aid of machinery.
In fact, they usually repeat word for word what you shouldn't have said.
In fact, to life in general.
In fact, you can solve many home plumbing problems, such as annoying faucet drip, merely by turning up the radio.
In fiction the recourse of the powerless is murder; in life the recourse of the powerless is petty theft.
In general, these attitudes fall onto friendly American turf.
In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker know the truth of the matter about which he is to speak?
In his eyes you see no pride, hands hang loosely at his side Yesterdays papers, telling yesterdays news.
In his head he ran through his standard explanations.
In independent thought about this question, Neil Armstrong and I concluded that it takes a coincidence of four conditions, or in Neil's view, the simultaneous peaking of four of the many cycles of American life.
In it his mind floated freely, able to rummage at will among the bits and pieces of data he had absorbed, undistracted by any outside disturbances.
In it, Fletcher claims that he was the first to do the experiment with oil drops, was the first to measure charges on single droplets, and may have been the first to suggest the use of oil.
In just seven days, I can make you a man!
In kernel as it is in user!
In less than a century, computers will be making substantial progress on.
In like a dimwit, out like a light.
In love, she who gives her portrait promises the original.
In many cases they develop into real love relationships.
In many restaurants, this means the waiter will actually owe you money.
In marriage, as in war, it is permitted to take every advantage of the enemy.
In matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved.
In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current.
In meditation, delve deep into the heart.
In most countries selling harmful things like drugs is punishable.
In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
In my circle, that means class.
In my end is my beginning.
In my experience most of them are trash.
In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending your left leg, it's modern architecture.
In my house on the ceilings I have paintings of the rooms above.
In my line you don't have to.
In my opinion, Richard Stallman wouldn't recognise terrorism if it came up and bit him on his Internet.
In one I'm enlightened, in the other I ain't.
In order not to give Good Samaritanism a bad name, Miss Manners asks you to allow her two or three rainy days of unmolested protection before making your attack.
In order to be a man, you have to learn to follow orders.
In order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension.
In order to discover anything, you must be looking for something.
In order to discover who you are, first learn who everybody else is; you're what's left.
In order to get a loan you must first prove you don't need it.
In order to have a game, something has to be more important than something else.
In order to live free and happily, you must sacrifice boredom.
In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.
In order to succeed in any enterprise, one must be persistent and patient.
In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
In our own time, The Dictionary of National Biography notes that his work is mainly remarkable for its mass, fluidity and flatness.
In our winter city the rain cries a little pity For one more forgotten hero and a world that doesn't care.
In person, they are like enormous hooved rats.
In politics, an abrupt change in the form of misgovernment.
In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia, happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.
In practice, there is.
In real love you want the other person's good.
In reality all core dumps happen at the same instant, so the core dump you will have tomorrow, why, it already happened.
In recognition of this achievement, the Home Secretary commuted Lee's sentence to life imprisonment.
In reply, the Captain said, Send: I'm a Captain, change course 20 degrees!
In reply, the Grand Tortue grasped the loop between his feet and, with a few simple manipulations, created a complex string which he proferred wordlessly to the monk.
In respect to lock-making, there can scarcely be such a thing as dishonesty of intention: the inventor produces a lock which he honestly thinks will possess such and such qualities; and he declares his belief to the world.
In romantic love you want the other person.
In science it often happens that scientists say, 'You know that's a really good argument; my position is mistaken,' and then they actually change their minds and you never hear that old view from them again.
In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.
In short, committment to an institution.
In short, my program writes itself.
In short, there is no demonstrated phenomenon that needs explanation.
In some circles it is even encouraged.
In space, no one can hear you fart.
In specifications, Murphy's Law supersedes Ohm's.
In spite of everything, I still believe that people are good at heart.
In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
In table tennis, whoever gets 21 points first wins.
In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
In that case, it will take two years.
In that lawsuit, you will lose.
In the 16th century the printed book helped make possible the split between Catholics and Protestants.
In the 20th century this history of tragedy and triumph is repeating itself as a farce.
In the Halls of Justice the only justice is in the halls.
In the Old West a wagon train is crossing the plains.
In the Soviet Union, the answer was What's an opinion?
In the Soviet Union, under the law, everything is prohibited, including that which is permitted.
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
In the abstract, yes, but not in the concrete.
In the analyzing of past events, these tendencies are exacerbated by failure to appreciate the pitfalls of post hoc analyses.
In the audience was Alfred Cortot, the brilliant pianist, who volunteered and made his way to the stage.
In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering.
In the beginning the Universe was created.
In the beginning there was data.
In the beginning there was nothing.
In the beginning there was only one kind of Mathematician, created by the Great Mathamatical Spirit form the Book: the Topologist.
In the beginning was the Tao.
In the beginning, I was made.
In the black wind the stars shall die, and still on gold here let them lie, till the dark lord lifts his hand over dead sea and withered land.
In the broad and final sense all institutions are educational in the sense that they operate to form the attitudes, dispositions, abilities and disabilities that constitute a concrete personality.
In the course of his duties in August 1977, a Dutch veterinary surgeon was required to treat an ailing cow.
In the course of reading Hadamard's The Psychology of Invention in the Mathematical Field, I have come across evidence supporting a fact which we coffee achievers have long appreciated: no really creative, intelligent thought is possible without a good cup of coffee.
In the course of their arguments, they got all the way back to the Garden of Eden, whereupon the doctor said, The medical profession is clearly the oldest, because Eve was made from Adam's rib, as the story goes, and that was a simply incredible surgical feat.
In the days when Sussman was a novice Minsky once came to him as he sat hacking at the PDP-6.
In the dimestores and bus stations People talk of situations Read books repeat quotations Draw conclusions on the wall.
In the early morning queue, With a listing in my hand.
In the east there is a shark which is larger than all other fish.
In the eight preceding years she had received two hundred and twelve driving lessons at a cost of L300.
In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
In the fight between you and the world, back the world.
In the final analysis, one receives the distinct impression that the poem's length could safely have been reduced by a factor of eight or ten without sacrificing any of its meaning.
In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made school boards.
In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in the proper order then why can't he?
In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals.
In the land of the dark the Ship of the Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
In the lobby, some players got into a heated argument about who was the brightest, the fastest, and the best chess player in the world.
In the long run we are all dead.
In the long run, every program becomes rococco, and then rubble.
In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
In the middle of a wide field is a pot of gold.
In the middle of the night, Bessie nudged Eli.
In the midst of one of the wildest parties he'd ever been to, the young man noticed a very prim and pretty girl sitting quietly apart from the rest of the revelers.
In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not displeasing to us.
In the next world, you're on your own.
In the olden days in England, you could be hung for stealing a sheep or a loaf of bread.
In the past year strange and fearful wonders I have seen.
In the pathway or the morrows.
In the plot, people came to the land; the land loved them; they worked and struggled and had lots of children.
In the rare event that you post a followup which contains something original, make sure you expand the list of groups.
In the realm of scientific observation, luck is granted only to those who are prepared.
In the realm of the Apple Macintosh, as in Catholic Europe, worshipers peer devoutly into screens filled with icons.
In the same mail that brought the greetings from Marcia and Philip, my friend found such a conversation piece.
In the sciences, we are now uniquely priviledged to sit side by side with the giants on whose shoulders we stand.
In the shopping mall of the mind, he's in the toy department.
In the space of one hundred and seventy-six years the Mississippi has shortened itself two hundred and forty-two miles.
In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
In the state of Massachusetts, this is the same number as that used for Social Security, unless you object to such use.
In the time it has taken you to read this sentence so far, an electron could have traveled all the way from San Francisco to Hackensack, New Jersey, although God alone knows why it would want to.
In the war of wits, he's unarmed.
In their labors they will have to avail themselves of those forces which are capable of cultivating the Good, the True, and the Beautiful in humanity itself.
In their struggle for the ethical good, teachers of religion must have the stature to give up the doctrine of a personal God, that is, give up that source of fear and hope which in the past placed such vast powers in the hands of priests.
In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.
In these matters the only certainty is that there is nothing certain.
In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to like them, and I'm old-fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely baroque feel to a continent.
In this respect, it is very similar to COBOL.
In this state, it's against the law to bury two people in the same grave.
In this world some people are going to like me and some are not.
In this world there are only two tragedies.
In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes.
In this world, truth can wait; she's used to it.
In those days, spirits were brave, the stakes were high, men were real men, women were real women and small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri were real small furry creatures from Alpha Centauri.
In town a noun might wear a gown, or further down, might dress a clown.
In truth, there are atoms and a void.
In twenty-eight papers, only the rarest kind of luck will turn up more than two or three articles of any interest.
In war it is not men, but the man who counts.
In war, truth is the first casualty.
In war, you can only be killed once.
In what furnace was thy brain?
In which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?
In wine there is truth.
In work, be competent.
Inadmissible: Not competent to be considered.
Include the entire text with your article, and include your comments between the lines.
Increase the system load.
Increased knowledge will help you now.
Incredibly, some newspapers were critical of her work, even suggesting that the sweet singer was semi-literate.
Indecision is the true basis for flexibility.
Indeed the winters are fierce.
Indeed, I think that people want peace so much that one of these days governments had better get out of the way and let them have it.
Indeed, it is difficult to appreciate how far our freedoms might have eroded had it not been for the Union's valiant representation in the courts of the constitutional rights of people of all persuasions, no matter how unpopular or even despised by the majority they were at the time.
Indeed, the banality of existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to discuss it any further here.
Indeed, the world is ruled by little else.
Indeed, unless the billboards fall I'll never see a tree at all.
Indiana is a state dedicated to basketball.
Indifference will certainly be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?
Indifferent to type of drink.
Individualists unite!
Individuals vary, but percentages remain constant.
Indomitable in retreat; invincible in advance; insufferable in victory.
Induce them to relinquish the spheroid.
Induction techniques are very popular, even the military used them.
Industry gossip, however, tells that Bill Gates, co-founder and CEO of Microsoft, producer of the Windows series of video games, has visited Helsinki several times this year.
Infalliable doctrine issues from one executive officer whose selection occurs in a sealed boardroom.
Infidels in all ages have battled for the rights of man, and have at all times been the fearless advocates of liberty and justice.
Infinite and Absolute; and that, knowing nothing, he had better not be dogmatic about his ignorance.
Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down.
Information Center, n.
Information deteriorates upward through bureaucracies.
Information is the inverse of entropy.
Inheritance taxes are getting so out of line, that the deceased family often doesn't have a legacy to stand on.
Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.
Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one likes oneself.
Innovation is hard to schedule.
Inquiries later revealed that a minus sign had been omitted from the instructions fed into the computer.
Inquiry is fatal to certainty.
Insanity is considered a ground for divorce, though by the very same token it is the shortest detour to marriage.
Insanity is hereditary.
Insanity is the final defense.
Insert broom handle down back of jacket.
Inside a chicken coop.
Inside a dog it's too dark to read.
Inside every large problem is a small problem struggling to get out.
Inside of a VAX on a silicon square.
Inside of a dog, it is too dark to read.
Insofar as I may be heard by anything, which may or may not care what I say, I ask, if it matters, that you be forgiven for anything you may have done or failed to do which requires forgiveness.
Insomnia isn't anything to lose sleep over.
Inspiration without perspiration is usually sterile.
Instead I have to go on painting all day long.
Instead of altering their views to fit the facts, they alter the facts to fit their views.
Instead of answering, the hunter showed the ranger his game bag, which contained twelve more loons.
Instead of feeling complimented when we are called an ass, we are left in doubt.
Instead of giving money to found colleges to promote learning, why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything?
Instead of loving your enemies, treat your friends a little better.
Instead, I used subroutines.
Instead, he made string after string by Tortue's method; and he passed the method on to his own disciples, who passed it on to theirs.
Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone directory containing listings for all the organizations with titles beginning with the word National.
Insufficient facts always invite danger.
Insults are effective only where emotion is present.
Insurance companies understand this behavior, and price their policies accordingly.
Integrated Development That' to get to gcc, Emacs, and gdb.
Integrated circuit circuits?
Integrity has no need for rules.
Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
Intel engineering seem to have misheard Intel marketing strategy.
Intel systems, Linux, has employed a number of top programmers from the underground world of virus development.
Intellect annuls Fate.
Intelligence of mankind decreasing.
Intelligence without character is a dangerous thing.
Interchangeable parts won't.
Interest in the engram has declined substantially since that time.
Interesting poll results reported in today's New York Post: people on the street in midtown Manhattan were asked whether they approved of the US invasion of Grenada.
Interesting survey in the current Journal of Abnormal Psychology: New York City has a higher percentage of people you shouldn't make any sudden moves around than any other city in the world.
International Business Machines Corp.
Internet philosophy has always been you have extremely bright, non-partisan researchers look at a topic, do world-class research, do several competing implementations, have a bake-off, determine what works best, write it down and make that the standard.
Into a snugglin', lovin' heap, With a semi-pretty woman in my arms.
Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.
Intrigued, he drove up to the farmhouse, where he found an old farmer sitting in the yard watching the pig.
Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor.
Intuition, however illogical, is recognized as a command prerogative.
Invoke the Unix program!
Invoking his self-interest gives you more leverage.
Inwardly, he is being eaten alive by tinhorn politicians.
Iowans ask why Minnesotans don't drink more Kool-Aid.
Irrigation of the land with sewater desalinated by fusion power is ancient.
Is Tao in a hand-held calculator?
Is YOUR life a PATIO of FUN?
Is a Nissan male or female?
Is a computer language with goto's totally Wirth-less?
Is a cup of cheer from the hand of a friend.
Is a person who blows up banks an econoclast?
Is a tattoo real, like a curb or a battleship?
Is a wedding successful if it comes off without a hitch?
Is but the bad one leaves undone.
Is death legally binding?
Is he the MAGIC INCA carrying a FROG on his shoulders?
Is illegal fishing is something only a daring criminal would do?
Is it because of that song?
Is it clean in other dimensions?
Is it not a spectacle to make the angels laugh?
Is it one of those three-cornered things?
Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?
Is it really you, Fuzz, or is it Memorex, or is it radiation sickness?
Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?
Is it something I said?
Is it steady or moving astern?
Is it true, asked the student, that PL-1 has many of the same data types as Lisp?
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
Is knowledge knowable?
Is laughing behind your back.
Is my baby all right?
Is my fallout shelter termite proof?
Is not marriage an open question, when it is alleged, from the beginning of the world, that such as are in the institution wish to get out, and such as are out wish to get in?
Is she at home enjoying capitalism?
Is simultaneously alive and dead!
Is somebody complaining about the guns?
Is that guy still here?
Is that really YOU that is reading this?
Is that you will quickly begonio.
Is that your nose or did a bus park on your face?
Is the Tao in a video game?
Is the one staring back from the glass.
Is the work of some mere individual mind likely to serve the aims of collectively accepted compromises, which are known in the schools as 'standards'?
Is there a better way to die?
Is there a play from Shaw this morning?
Is there life before breakfast?
Is this Steven Wright?
Is this an out-take from the BRADY BUNCH?
Is this going to involve RAW human ecstasy?
Is this how God came into being?
Is this really happening?
Is this sexual intercourse yet?
Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder?
Is truth not truth for all?
Is uniformity attainable?
Is your garden full of snails?
Isn't air travel wonderful?
Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists?
Isn't it ironic that many men spend a great part of their lives avoiding marriage while single-mindedly pursuing those things that would make them better prospects?
Isn't it nice that people who prefer Los Angeles to San Francisco live there?
Isn't it strange that the same people that laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?
Isn't that where the fruit is?
Israel today announced that it is giving up.
Ist nicht fur gewerken by das dummkopfen.
It ain't over until it's over.
It ain't so much the things we don't know that get us in trouble.
It all began early yesterday when Sale police received a telephone call: You won't believe this, and I'm not drunk, but there's a wombat in the phone booth outside the town hall, the caller said.
It also does no harm, in dealing with these matters, to carry a large club near your person at all times.
It also teaches us how an electrical circuit works.
It always gives the test first and the instruction afterward.
It always makes people think that he beats her when they're alone.
It appears that after his death, Albert Einstein found himself working as the doorkeeper at the Pearly Gates.
It became fashionable, when one wanted to have a drink, to take out the ruble and say, Oh my goodness, Comrades, Lenin tells me we should go.
It begins when the kids leave home and the dog dies.
It came before the first kernel.
It can also be maintained that it is best to provide the machine with the best sense organs that money can buy, and then teach it to understand and speak English.
It can always be used as a bad example.
It can be seen from 10,000 feet, silhouetted against the snow.
It can begin in the mind and affect the body, or it can begin in the body and affect the mind, both of which are served by the same bloodstream.
It can damage the vessel in which it is stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.
It can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.
It can make you shoot at tax collectors and miss.
It can only lead to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with royal-blue chickens.
It can't make things any worse.
It cannot be condoned.
It cannot be ruled by interfering.
It cannot be seen, cannot be felt, Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt.
It cannot be too ear- nestly urged, that an acquaintance with real facts will, in the end, be better for all parties.
It cannot be too earnestly urged, that an acquaintance with real facts will, in the end, be better for all parties.
It changes into a bird whose winds are like clouds filling the sky.
It comes first and follows after, Ends life, kills laughter.
It comes from the phrase vos otros, meaning others.
It comes only with time.
It compiles without errors.
It confuses the public.
It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
It contain 14,768 vaguely amusing SIT-COM pilots!
It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's statecraft.
It costs a lot to build bad products.
It could also be rigged to inflate whenever the congressman proposed a law.
It could be YOUR thesis project.
It could be that Walter's horse has wings does not imply that there is any such animal as Walter's horse, only that there could be; but Walter's horse is a thing which could have wings does imply Walter's horse's existence.
It could be worse, but it'll take time.
It could happen to you.
It dehumanizes those who achieve it, and makes difficult their commerce with just plain folks, in whom good old common sense has not been obliterated by mere book learning or fancy notions.
It demands no social reforms.
It depends on how many bad ones he brought with him.
It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
It did not occur to me that my being with two men continuously would interest anyone or arouse anyone's misgivings.
It didn't even look good on paper.
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no God.
It does not belong to things known: nor to things unknown.
It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations.
It does not exist in nature.
It does not haggle over expenditures on armaments and military equipment.
It does not matter if you fall down as long as you pick up something from the floor while you get up.
It does not seek fame, therefore nobody knows its presence.
It does not seeks fortune, for it is complete within itself.
It does not seem too much use being anything else.
It does not stand still for long, and it is never boring.
It doesn't even get up until 5 or 6 PM.
It doesn't generate revenue.
It doesn't happen as often as it should, because scientists are human and change is sometimes painful.
It doesn't have a five.
It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've done and what you're going to do.
It doesn't matter whether you are a lion or a gazelle: when the sun comes up, you'd better be running.
It doesn't much signify whom one marries for one is sure to find out next morning it was someone else.
It doesn't much signify whom one marries, for one is sure to find out next morning it was someone else.
It don't mean a THING if you ain't got that SWING!
It either works, or it does not.
It eliminates dreams, goals, and ideals and lets us get straight to the business of hate, debauchery, and self-annihilation.
It exists beyond space and time.
It extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great.
It follows that any commander in chief who undertakes to carry out a plan which he considers defective is at fault; he must put forth his reasons, insist of the plan being changed, and finally tender his resignation rather than be the instrument of his army's downfall.
It follows, therefore, that writing about databases is not only unnatural, but a lot harder than it appears.
It gets fried, scattered far and wide.
It gets late early out there.
It gives the illusion that your life is more interesting than it really is.
It goes on and on, choices, choices.
It got to the point where I had to get a haircut or both feet firmly planted in the air.
It had forgotten the words.
It had to be a case, because I couldn't afford a desk.
It hangs down from the chandelier Nobody knows quite what it does Its color is odd and its shape is weird It emits a high-sounding buzz It grows a couple of feet each day and wriggles with sort of a twitch Nobody bugs it 'cause it comes from a visiting uncle who's rich!
It happened that a fire broke out backstage in a theater.
It has You are here written all over it.
It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
It has been clear for a long time that the president is averse to science.
It has been justly observed by sages of all lands that although a man may be most happily married and continue in that state with the utmost contentment, it does not necessarily follow that he has therefore been struck stone-blind.
It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
It has been said that Public Relations is the art of winning friends and getting people under the influence.
It has been said that man is a rational animal.
It has been said that physicists stand on one another's shoulders.
It has been said that the only standard thing about all UNIX systems is the message-of-the-day telling users to clean up their files.
It has been universally established as the amount of magic needed to create one small white pigeon or three normal sized billiard balls.
It has been widely recognized that AI programs require expert knowledge in order to perform well in complex domains.
It has been, at all times and everywhere, the habitual and incorrigible defender of bad governments, bad laws, bad social theories, bad institutions.
It has even stopped hoping for employees who are educated enough that they can tell the difference between the men's room and the women's room without having little pictures on the doors.
It has its dark side, and it has its light side.
It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
It has long been an article of our folklore that too much knowledge or skill, or especially consummate expertise, is a bad thing.
It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
It has long been known that birds will occasionally build nests in the manes of horses.
It has long been noticed that juries are pitiless for robbery and full of indulgence for infanticide.
It has to constantly move forward or it dies.
It has to start with committed individuals and then grow.
It hitched its waggin' to a star.
It introduces a standard language for computer typography, and in terms of importance could rank near the introduction of the Gutenberg press.
It involves a sense of future, a belief that every exit line is an entry, that we are moving on, rather than out.
It is Fortune, not Wisdom, that rules man's life.
It is Texas law that when two trains meet each other at a railroad crossing, each shall come to a full stop, and neither shall proceed until the other has gone.
It is a cheap word because it requires no explanation, and many men and women have acquired a reputation for intelligence who know only this word and have used it in place of thought on every occasion.
It is a hard matter, my fellow citizens, to argue with the belly, since it has no ears.
It is a human characteristic to love little animals, especially if they're attractive in some way.
It is a lesson which all history teaches wise men, to put trust in ideas, and not in circumstances.
It is a many-stranded texture, with color and depth.
It is a mistake to think that that little room has elastic walls and can distend to any extent.
It is a period of system war.
It is a poor judge who cannot award a prize.
It is a profitable thing, if one is wise, to seem foolish.
It is a profoundly erroneous truism, repeated by all copy-books and by eminent people when they are making speeches, that we should cultivate the habit of thinking about what we are doing.
It is a sin to believe evil of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years.
It is a very humbling experience to make a multimillion-dollar mistake, but it is also very memorable.
It is a well known fact that warriors and wizards do not get along, because one side considers the other side to be a collection of bloodthirsty idiots who can't walk and think at the same time, while the other side is naturally suspicious of a body of men who mumble a lot and wear long dresses.
It is a wise father that knows his own child.
It is acquired wisdom and experience only that teach incredulity, and they very seldom teach it enough.
It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program.
It is against the law for a monster to enter the corporate limits of Urbana, Illinois.
It is all right to hold a conversation, but you should let go of it now and then.
It is always preferable to visit home with a friend.
It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
It is an ice cream koan.
It is an important and popular fact that things are not always what they seem.
It is an ongoing deductible fact that your inter-relational empathetical and non-ventious capabilities will retain me as their target-focus for the duration of my non-death period, and I will possess tenant rights in the housing unit of the Lord on a permanent, open-ended time basis.
It is annoying to be honest to no purpose.
It is as phony as numerology, phrenology, palmistry, alchemy, the reading of tea leaves, and the practice of divination by the entrails of a goat.
It is bad luck to be superstitious.
It is because we are not the person involved.
It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it.
It is better never to have been born.
It is better to be a young June-bug than an old bird of paradise.
It is better to be bow-legged than no-legged.
It is better to be seen at the opera with a man than at mass with a woman.
It is better to be the reorganizer than the reorganizee.
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees.
It is better to give than to lend, and it costs about the same.
It is better to have lobbed and lost than never to have lobbed at all.
It is better to have loved a short man than never to have loved a tall.
It is better to have loved and lost than just to have lost.
It is better to have tried and failed than to have failed to try, but the result's the same.
It is better to kiss an avocado than to get in a fight with an aardvark.
It is better to live rich than to die rich.
It is better to never have tried anything than to have tried something and failed.
It is better to remain childless than to father an orphan.
It is better to travel hopefully than to fly Continental.
It is better to wear chains than to believe you are free, and weight yourself down with invisible chains.
It is better to wear out than to rust out.
It is bloated out of shape with vice-presidents and accountants.
It is by dividing and subdividing these republics from the national one down through all its subordinations, until it ends in the administration of every man's farm by himself; by placing under every one what his own eye may superintend, that all will be done for the best.
It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
It is chief of the world's luxuries, king by the grace of God over all the fruits of the earth.
It is claimed to cost less per passenger mile to operate these humungous planes than any other aircraft ever built, unless you personally have to pay for the ticket.
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
It is common sense to take a method and try it.
It is contrary to reasoning to say that there is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
It is customary to begin a series of dates with a great deal of entertainment, a moderate amount of food, and the merest suggestion of affection.
It is difficult to believe that this state of mind can be produced by the recognition of such facts as that unsupported stones always fall to the ground.
It is difficult to legislate morality in the absence of moral legislators.
It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
It is difficult to soar with the eagles when you work with turkeys.
It is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle if it is lightly greased.
It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
It is easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It is easier to fight for principles than to live up to them.
It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
It is easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
It is easier to run down a hill than up one.
It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
It is easy to find fault, if one has that disposition.
It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted.
It is encased in untanned leather and mounted on four vertical, movable supports, one at each corner.
It is enough to make one sympathize with a tyrant for the determination of his courtiers to deceive him for their own personal ends.
It is equally bad when one speeds on the guest unwilling to go, and when he holds back one who is hastening.
It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
It is especially good today.
It is even in a video game, said the master.
It is even twice as far to the corner and they have added a hill.
It is exactly because a man cannot do a thing that he is a proper judge of it.
It is explained that all relationships require a little give and take.
It is far better to be deceived than to be undeceived by those we love.
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
It is fatal in concentrations of as little as 0.
It is for this group of beings that the magician learns the subtleties of using indirect spells.
It is for this reason alone that the topic is now of little interest to psychology.
It is frequently in the nature of a warm personal gesture by the individual to himself.
It is generally agreed that Hello is an appropriate greeting because if you entered a room and said Goodbye, it could confuse a lot of people.
It is grander to think and investigate for yourself than to repeat a creed.
It is hard to overstate the debt that we owe to men and women of genius.
It is held in reverence.
It is idle to attempt to talk a young woman out of her passion: love does not lie in the ear.
It is illegal to drive more than two thousand sheep down Hollywood Boulevard at one time.
It is illegal to say Oh, Boy in Jonesboro, Georgia.
It is imperative when flying coach that you restrain any tendency toward the vividly imaginative.
It is important to note that probably no large operating system using current design technology can withstand a determined and well-coordinated attack, and that most such documented penetrations have been remarkably easy.
It is important to use your apostrophe's correctly.
It is important, when testing, to test the entire net.
It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
It is impossible to defend perfectly against the attack of those who want to die.
It is impossible to enjoy idling thoroughly unless one has plenty of work to do.
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
It is incumbent on us to avoid archaisms.
It is indeed amazing, he said.
It is indeed desirable to be well descended, but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
It is justified because.
It is like saying My mother, drunk or sober.
It is like saying that for the cause of peace, God and the Devil will have a high-level meeting.
It is like the extern void: filled with infinite possibilities.
It is masked but always present.
It is more rational to sacrifice one life than six.
It is most dangerous nowadays for a husband to pay any attention to his wife in public.
It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
It is much harder to find a job than to keep one.
It is my one form of continuous fiction.
It is necessary for the welfare of society that genius should be privileged to utter sedition, to blaspheme, to outrage good taste, to corrupt the youthful mind, and generally to scandalize one's uncles.
It is necessary to have purpose.
It is never any good to oneself.
It is never any use to oneself.
It is never consistent.
It is no wonder that people are so horrible when they start life as children.
It is not a bolt to be tightened into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the hope of greening the landscape of idea.
It is not a children's pastime like mere highway robbery.
It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide.
It is not always an easy sacrifice.
It is not best to swap horses while crossing the river.
It is not doing the thing we like to do, but liking the thing we have to do, that makes life blessed.
It is not enough that I should succeed.
It is not enough to have a good mind.
It is not enough to have great qualities, we should also have the management of them.
It is not enough to succeed.
It is not even close to a science.
It is not every question that deserves an answer.
It is not fair that some men should be happier than others.
It is not for me to attempt to fathom the inscrutable workings of Providence.
It is not good for a man to be without knowledge, and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way.
It is not logical, but it is often true.
It is not necessary to inquire whether a woman would like something for dessert.
It is not necessary to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know.
It is not reality, although you can express reality there if you wish.
It is not that polar co-ordinates are complicated, it is simply that cartesian co-ordinates are simpler than they have a right to be.
It is not the critic who counts, or how the strong man stumbled, or whether the doer of deeds could have done them better.
It is not the extraordinary exercise which harms the dancer, but rather the coming into close contact with the opposite sex.
It is not the responsibility of UFO skeptics to prove that a UFO has never existed, nor is it the responsibility of paranormal-health-claims skeptics to prove that crystals or colored lights never healed anyone.
It is not well to be thought of as one who meekly submits to insolence and intimidation.
It is now pitch dark.
It is now quite lawful for a Catholic woman to avoid pregnancy by a resort to mathematics, though she is still forbidden to resort to physics and chemistry.
It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.
It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
It is often the case that the man who can't tell a lie thinks he is the best judge of one.
It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
It is only by risking our persons from one hour to another that we live at all.
It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their dignity.
It is only the great men who are truly obscene.
It is only to be understood.
It is only with the heart one can see clearly; what is essential is invisible to the eye.
It is our belief, however, that serious professional users will run out of things they can do with UNIX.
It is our worship word too.
It is out on loan, the teacher replied.
It is possible by ingenuity and at the expense of clarity.
It is possible that blondes also prefer gentlemen.
It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
It is quite conceivable that someday the assumption will have to be rejected.
It is ridiculous to call this an industry.
It is right before your eyes, said the master.
It is right that he too should have his little chronicle, his memories, his reason, and be able to recognize the good in the bad, the bad in the worst, and so grow gently old all down the unchanging days and die one day like any other day, only shorter.
It is sad to find him belaboring the science community for its united opposition to ignorant creationists who want teachers and textbooks to give equal time to crank arguments that have advanced not a step beyond the flyblown rhetoric of Bishop Wilberforce and William Jennings Bryan.
It is sad to go to pieces like this but we all have to do it.
It is said an Eastern monarch once charged his wise men to invent him a sentence to be ever in view, and which should be true and appropriate in all times and situations.
It is said that the lonely eagle flies to the mountain peaks while the lowly ant crawls the ground, but cannot the soul of the ant soar as high as the eagle?
It is sheer arrogance to contract illnesses that are beyond your means.
It is silent and still as a pool of water.
It is simply an approach to the problem of telling what is counterfeit and what is genuine.
It is simply that the program should always respond to the user in the way that astonishes him least.
It is so soon that I am done for, I wonder what I was begun for.
It is so stupid of modern civilisation to have given up believing in the devil when he is the only explanation of it.
It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown-up.
It is something to be able to paint a particular picture, or to carve a statue, and so to make a few objects beautiful; but it is far more glorious to carve and paint the very atmosphere and medium through which we look, which morally we can do.
It is strictly forbidden for passengers to speak to the driver.
It is surely a great calamity for a human being to have no obsessions.
It is sweet to let the mind unbend on occasion.
It is that which gives a beast of burden its reason for existence.
It is that which has caused nations to build byways from City to City upon which carts and coaches pass, and alongside which inns have come to be built to stave off Hunger, Thirst and Weariness.
It is that which men in former times had to bear upon their backs.
It is the age of the engineers.
It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.
It is the business of little minds to shrink.
It is the business of the future to be dangerous.
It is the chief occupation of mankind.
It is the complex case that is easier to deal with.
It is the creationists who blasphemously are claiming that God is cheating us in a stupid way.
It is the essence of all dogmatic faiths to hold that any such show-down is sacrilegious and perverse.
It is the first word a child learns and often the first word he speaks.
It is the fury of lust craving incessantly for more pleasure that undermines the soul, the body, the sinews and nerves.
It is the harmony of opposites.
It is the language of the future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums.
It is the nature of extreme self-lovers, as they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their eggs.
It is the only thing to do with it.
It is the only thing.
It is the quality rather than the quantity that matters.
It is the same thing which makes us mad or delirious, inspires us with dread and fear, whether by night or by day, brings us sleeplessness, inopportune mistakes, aimless anxieties, absent-mindedness and acts that are contrary to habit.
It is the single most popular pickle variety today, enjoyed throughout the free world by man, woman and child alike.
It is the source of all programs.
It is the true missionary's courage and zeal in facing the possibility that one's best may not be enough.
It is the wisdom of crocodiles, that shed tears when they would devour.
It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
It is those pent-up, craving children who make all the wars and all the horrors and all the art and all the beauty and discovery in life, because they are trying to achieve what lay beyond their grasp before they were five years old.
It is through symbols that man consciously or unconsciously lives, works and has his being.
It is time to go elsewhere.
It is to be hoped that further publication of this poem can be suspended pending a thorough investigation of its potential subversive implications.
It is troubling enough to get straight who is really what.
It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity.
It is undignified for a woman to play servant to a man who is not hers.
It is up to us to produce better-quality movies.
It is usually bigger, and it has more snakes tattooed on it.
It is very difficult to prophesy, especially when it pertains to the future.
It is very expensive to achieve high unreliability.
It is very vulgar to talk like a dentist when one isn't a dentist.
It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
It is when I struggle to be brief that I become obscure.
It is when one considers the multiple-charge rocket as a traveler to the moon that one begins to doubt.
It is wise to keep in mind that neither success nor failure is ever final.
It is written in an alien tongue and cannot be read by your tired Sun-2 eyes.
It is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone to believe anything upon insufficient evidence.
It is your concern when your neighbor's wall is on fire.
It is, Kyogen answered.
It is, and that's all it needs to be.
It is, came the reply.
It isn't easy being a Friday kind of person in a Monday kind of world.
It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old.
It isn't just a good idea, it's the law!
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.
It isn't our's either.
It isn't that I can't toddle.
It isn't the stops and starts that get on my nerves, it's the jerks.
It isn't to anyone's advantage to see the truth.
It isn't unusual for a worker to arrive on his shift and have some family problem that he doesn't know how to resolve.
It issues a multitude of memos, each saying 'Go, Hence!
It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods to Grandmother's condo.
It just means not enough people to make a minority.
It just stops you from enjoying it.
It justifies and holds together more baseness, cruelty and abomination than any other sort of error in the world.
It knows it must outrun the slowest gazelle or it will starve to death.
It knows it must run faster than the fastest lion or it will be killed.
It leaves one open to a rival.
It lets people read all the replies without annoying newsreaders getting in the way.
It lies behind starts and under hills, And empty holes it fills.
It looked like it had sat there a week.
It looked like something resembling white marble, which was probably what it was: something resembling white marble.
It looks easy until you try it.
It looks like blind screaming hedonism won out.
It looks like it's up to me to save our skins.
It makes a bond, to correspond, From C to shining C.
It makes a straight cut ditch of a free meandering brook.
It makes for obligations.
It makes me embarrassed to fall down.
It makes sense, when you don't think about it.
It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too good either if you speak when your head is empty.
It may be better to be a live jackal than a dead lion, but it is better still to be a live lion.
It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God but to create him.
It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
It may be true, Ferdinand Feghoot, said Moses, that our friend Yewtoo Artoo was soulless, but we cannot believe it.
It may even be a bad habit, for all I know.
It may even take a swipe at you with one of its claws.
It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
It means leaving what's over without denying its validity or its past importance in our lives.
It means summon's in trouble.
It means the Thing to Do.
It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.
It meant the study of things that are hard to swallow.
It merely outlives them.
It might be worth reflecting that this group was originally created back in September of 1987 and has exchanged over 1200 messages.
It might help if we ran the MBA's out of Washington.
It might taste good or clever, but in the long run, it's not going to do anything for you.
It must be just right.
It must be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to plan, more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to manage, than the creation of a new system.
It must have been some unmarried fool that said A child can ask questions that a wise man cannot answer; because, in any decent house, a brat that starts asking questions is promptly packed off to bed.
It must sniff around, adapt, consider, sniff around, and adapt again.
It need not rest upon the further premise that there are no propositions that are not open to doubt; it is enough, even if there are, that in the end it is worse to suppress dissent than to run the risk of heresy.
It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
It neutralizes the brownies I had yesterday.
It never does quite what I want But only what I tell it.
It never really caught on.
It now costs more to amuse a child than it once did to educate his father.
It occurred to me lately that nothing has occurred to me lately.
It originally came in a 16-oz.
It panders to instincts already catered for within the scope of any respectable domestic establishment.
It pays in England to be a revolutionary and a bible-smacker most of one's life and then come round.
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
It pays without discussion, it ruins itself, and that is an excellent thing for the syndicates of financiers and manufacturers for whom patriotic terrors are an abundant source of gain.
It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
It produces a false impression.
It proves what they say, give the public what they want to see and they'll come out for it.
It requires intelligence, dedication, and an enormous amount of hard work.
It riles them to believe that you perceive the web they weave.
It runs all its programs in RPG!
It says he made us all to be just like him.
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people.
It seems a little silly now, but this country was founded as a protest against taxation.
It seems almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the oyster.
It seems intuitively obvious to me, which means that it might be wrong.
It seems like I know everybody's lines.
It seems like the less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
It seems more designed to make people stumble than to be walked upon.
It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level language named research student.
It seems there's this magician working one of the luxury cruise ships for a few years.
It seems these two guys, George and Harry, set out in a Hot Air balloon to cross the United States.
It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
It seems to me they are making the stairs steeper than in the old days.
It settles everything.
It shall be unlawful for any suspicious person to be within the municipality.
It should be of the hill, belonging to it.
It should indeed be said that notwithstanding the fact that I make ambulatory progress through the umbragious inter-hill mortality slot, terror sensations will no be initiated in me, due to para-etical phenomena.
It should suck not blow, said Booth, coming straight to the point.
It showed that two could be one and one could be two and had probably been fabricated by Hegel for the American market on a subcontract from General Dynamics.
It simply exists, and I will do whatever logically needs to be done.
It smelled like coffee.
It sounded like quite a good life-style otherwise.
It sounds a lot like science, it sounds like astronomy.
It sounds to me like you have no problems at all.
It stands today, a monument to human spirit.
It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
It sure beats the heck out of me.
It takes a smart husband to have the last word and not use it.
It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.
It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
It takes less time to do a thing right than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
It takes two to tell the truth: one to speak and one to hear.
It takes weeks for the developed film to arrive in the mail, but that is all right with Snow White.
It then puts a big POT OF GOLD nearby.
It therefore becomes very important for the rule upholders to bring such arrogance down.
It took a while to surface, but it appears that a long-distance credit card may have saved a U.
It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never spoke.
It took my assistants several hundred man years to construct.
It towers above its competition like a giant among dwarfs.
It turned out that the worm exploited three or four different holes in the system.
It used to be so easy living here with you, You were light and breezy and I knew just what to do Now you look so unhappy and I feel like a fool.
It used to be the fun was in The capture and kill.
It used to point to me, Now I'm protecting it.
It usually lacks any genuine literary quality and often sinks into imbecile doggerel.
It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
It was Oxford that made him insufferable.
It was a Roman who said it was sweet to die for one's country.
It was a Tolkien Ring.
It was a WAC's Museum.
It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
It was a brave man that ate the first oyster.
It was a fine, sweet night, the nicest since my divorce, maybe the nicest since the middle of my marriage.
It was a good beverage, no question about it; generations of people had grown up drinking it and doing the experiment in sixth grade where you put a nail into a glass of Coke and after a couple of days the nail dissolves and the teacher says: Imagine what it does to your TEETH!
It was a summer's day in winter, And the snow was raining fast, As a barefoot boy with shoes on, Stood sitting in the grass.
It was a virgin forest, a place where the Hand of Man had never set foot.
It was a wide, manic, and utterly humourless rictus.
It was all a dehumanized nightmare.
It was all so different before everything changed.
It was at the site of the mysterious B-1 crash.
It was clearly platoonic.
It was decided to change the gauge of all southern roads to standard, in one day.
It was discovered, I suppose you've heard, by a man named Fulton Berle, and it has already revolutionized social grace by cutting down parlour conversation to two sentences: What's on television?
It was eventually lassoed and released in a nearby scrub.
It was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
It was human error, a launch spokesman said.
It was in fashion yesterday, it is the rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
It was in the days of the rains that their prayers went up, not from the fingering of knotted prayer cords or the spinning of prayer wheels, but from the great pray-machine in the monastery of Ratri, goddess of the Night.
It was in the shape of a house.
It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer, when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
It was made with our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process.
It was meant as a haven for people with vision of this scope.
It was more like the rose and the teeth were in the same glass.
It was never like this for Mencken.
It was not a Southern watermelon that Eve took; we know it because she repented.
It was pity stayed his hand.
It was pleasant to me to get a letter from you the other day.
It was raining heavily and my drone got waterlogged, he said.
It was raining heavily, and the motorist had car trouble on a lonely country road.
It was replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life more advanced than the lichen family.
It was the Law of the Sea, they said.
It was the kind of mental picture you tried to forget.
It was the reader's CONS That made it, paired by dot; Now, GC, for the nonce, Thou shalt reclaim it not.
It was the sort of grin that is normally accompanied by small riverside birds wandering in and out, picking scraps out of the teeth.
It was the triumph of mind over matter; quite.
It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it.
It was, for centuries, an apologist for slavery, as it was the apologist for the divine right of kings.
It wasn't IBM compatible.
It wasn't long before we got so dissatisfied with this incompetence that we bolted.
It wasn't that she had a rose in her teeth, exactly.
It wastes your time and annoys the pig.
It weighs one third of a pound per foot.
It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion that makes horse-races.
It will be advantageous to cross the great stream.
It will be generally found that those who sneer habitually at human nature and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant examples.
It will come to such sights colder By and by, nor spare a sigh Though worlds of wanwood leafmeal lie And yet you will weep and know why.
It will depend upon how many flats they've brought with them.
It will keep you awake until noon.
It will probably be one of those deep, eerie ones that slowly builds to a blood-curdling maniacal scream.
It will probably be quite unpleasant.
It will soon become out of date and everyone will ignore it.
It will take one year, said the master promptly.
It will, however, take it no time at all to be more profound than THIS program has ever been.
It works better if you plug it in.
It works, and boy, were we surprised!
It would be illogical to assume that all conditions remain stable.
It would be illogical to kill without reason.
It would be nice if the Food and Drug Administration stopped issuing warnings about toxic substances and just gave me the names of one or two things still safe to eat.
It would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything.
It would never work out.
It would save me a lot of time if you just gave up and went mad now.
It would seem that evil retreats when forcibly confronted.
It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
It would take ten months, three more than the schedule allowed.
It wouldn't have been anything, even if it were gonna be a thing.
It'll be a nice world if they ever get it finished.
It'll be a slaughter!
It'll be just like Beggars' Canyon back home.
It's 2 cents for postage and 30 cents for storage.
It's America's game - it, and high taxes.
It's GREAT to be ALIVE!
It's Like This Even the samurai have teddy bears, and even the teddy bears get drunk.
It's a brave man who, when things are at their darkest, can kick back and party!
It's a cold bowl of chili, when love don't work out.
It's a dog-eat-dog world out there, and I'm wearing Milkbone underware.
It's a funny thing that when a woman hasn't got anything on earth to worry about, she goes off and gets married.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for.
It's a good town, a civilized town.
It's a hole all the way to downtown Burbank!
It's a lot of fun being alive.
It's a modest price to pay.
It's a naive, domestic operating system without any breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.
It's a piss-poor reptile and not very much of a bird.
It's a policy I urge all companies to adopt.
It's a poor workman who blames his tools.
It's a question of finding a sickness you like.
It's a rat with a thyroid problem.
It's a rather pleasant experience to be alone in a bank at night.
It's a recession when your neighbour loses his job; it's a depression when you lose yours.
It's a reflection of an idea that we expelled from Western thought in the sixteenth century, that we are in the center of a caring universe.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
It's a thankless one and full of grief.
It's a truffula seed.
It's a very powerful emotion.
It's a whole new barrier!
It's a wonder that anyone ever outgrows it.
It's about these two brothers who kill their father.
It's all been a pack of lies!
It's all in the mind, ya know.
It's all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
It's all very well to celebrate the practicality of pigs by ennobling the porcine sibling who constructed his home out of bricks and mortar.
It's all we can do to put up with constructive praise.
It's already tomorrow in Australia.
It's always better when you come again!
It's always darkest just before it gets pitch black.
It's always darkest just before the lights go out.
It's always sunny there this time of the year.
It's amazing how many people you could be friends with if only they'd make the first approach.
It's amazing how much better you feel once you've given up hope.
It's amazing how much mature wisdom resembles being too tired.
It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
It's bad enough that life is a rat-race, but why do the rats always have to win?
It's based on Hitchcock's The Birds, except that it's centered around a programmer who is attacked by a swarm of binder pages with an index number and the single line This page intentionally left blank.
It's been Monday all week today.
It's been a business doing pleasure with you.
It's been argued that the beauty of UNIX is the same as the beauty of Ken Olsen's brain.
It's been real and it's been fun, but it hasn't been real fun.
It's been tested and tested over the centuries.
It's better not to see them being made.
It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
It's better to be wanted for murder that not to be wanted at all.
It's better to burn out than it is to rust.
It's better to burn out than to fade away.
It's called Bureaucracy.
It's called MRS punch.
It's called grand slam dancing.
It's called trust, Ted.
It's cheaper than going to France.
It's clever, but is it art?
It's closer to the truth to say you can't get enough; You know you're gonna have to face it, You're addicted to love!
It's currently a problem of access to gigabits through punybaud.
It's curtains for you, Mighty Mouse!
It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.
It's easier said than done.
It's easier to explain sex to a virgin.
It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for being right.
It's easier to take it apart than to put it back together.
It's easy to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
It's easy to get burned.
It's easy to see without looking too far That not much is really sacred.
It's eating that's believing.
It's faster horses, Younger women, Older whiskey and More money.
It's freezing out there.
It's from Casablanca.
It's goin' to be back to the fighter who comes to town, smells a flower, visits a hospital, blows a horn and says he's in shape.
It's gonna be alright, It's almost midnight, And I've got two more bottles of wine.
It's gonna be the herd shot 'round the world.
It's got bloody well everything else.
It's got technical terms.
It's great for students, great for somewhat casual users, and it's great for interchanging programs between different machines.
It's great to be smart 'cause then you know stuff.
It's hard not to like a man of many qualities, even if most of them are bad.
It's hard to argue that God hated Oklahoma.
It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.
It's hard to believe that something which is neither seen nor felt can do so much harm.
It's hard to drive at the limit, but it's harder to know where the limits are.
It's hard to get a refund when the salesman is sniffing your crotch and baying at the moon.
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
It's hard to keep your shirt on when you're getting something off your chest.
It's hard to learn that we don't leave the best parts of ourselves behind, back in the dugout or the office.
It's hard to recognize that life isn't a holding action, but a process.
It's hard to see me doing that for the rest of my life.
It's hard to think of any in non-technical fields.
It's hard to think of you as the end result of millions of years of evolution.
It's how the girl feels too.
It's how you make it slow.
It's illegal in Wilbur, Washington, to ride an ugly horse.
It's important that people know what you stand for.
It's impossible to tell because what they mostly do is talk for nearly a thousand pages.
It's interesting to think that many quite distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.
It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is.
It's just ONE OF THOSE DAYS!
It's just a flesh wound.
It's just a marketing ploy to make low income parents' lives a misery.
It's just a pure LISP function call.
It's just another life form, that's all.
It's just apartment house rules, So all you 'partment house fools Remember: one man's ceiling is another man's floor.
It's just awful sloppy of him to get killed in the first place.
It's just good pedagogy, therefore, to stay away from such stuff, and use instead, if film-strips and rap-sessions must be supplemented, 'texts,' selected, or prepared, or adapted, by real professionals.
It's just simply gibberish.
It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.
It's just that some people are too stupid to realize it.
It's just that the news coverage is so much better.
It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
It's later than you think, the joint Russian-American space mission has already begun.
It's later than you think.
It's less calories than two pieces of strawberry shortcake.
It's like deja vu all over again.
It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
It's made by our favorite monopoly!
It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name.
It's morally wrong to allow suckers to keep their money.
It's more important that they know what you won't stand for.
It's much easier to apologize than to get permission.
It's multiple choice time.
It's my cookie file and if I come up with something that's lame and I like it, it goes in.
It's never too late to have a happy childhood.
It's no longer a question of staying healthy.
It's no surprise that things are so screwed up: everyone that knows how to run a government is either driving taxicabs or cutting hair.
It's no sweat, Henry.
It's not Camelot, but it's not Cleveland, either.
It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
It's not as if it were a chocolate bar or something.
It's not easy, being green.
It's not elderly or senior citizens anymore.
It's not enough to be Hungarian; you must have talent too.
It's not how slow you make it.
It's not human and it's got an axe.
It's not just a good idea.
It's not like you need a computer in every doorknob!
It's not reality that's important, but how you perceive things.
It's not so hard to lift yourself by your bootstraps once you're off the ground.
It's not so, he thought.
It's not so, the General thought.
It's not that I'm afraid to die.
It's not that Miss Manners is immune to romance.
It's not that they can't, they just know that there are much better things to do with ones time.
It's not the despair.
It's not the fall that kills you, it's the landing.
It's not the inital skirt length, it's the upcreep.
It's not the kind of book our house knows how to handle.
It's not the men in my life, but the life in my men that counts.
It's not the size of a nose that's important.
It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.
It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you place the blame.
It's nothing but rum, sodomy and the lash.
It's odd, and a little unsettling, to reflect upon the fact that English is the only major language in which I is capitalized; in many other languages You is capitalized and the i is lower case.
It's on the other side.
It's one thing to be able to say I've got a theory, quite another to say I've got a semantic theory, but, ah, those who can claim I've got a deep semantic theory, they are truly blessed.
It's only a big deal if you can't get any.
It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
It's only one more thing to keep clean.
It's only pleasant because it isn't here.
It's only two days, and you'll see.
It's only your tension that's holding you together.
It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
It's pretty hard to tell what does bring happiness; poverty and wealth have both failed.
It's probably a garage sale or a disaster Movie!
It's quicksilver lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny.
It's real fun, but just the same, It's hacking, hacking, hacking.
It's really quite a simple choice: Life, Death, or Los Angeles.
It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough, society will take full responsibility for you.
It's recently come to Fortune's attention that scientists have stopped using laboratory rats in favor of attorneys.
It's so bad I've lost apathy.
It's so curious: one can resist tears and behave very well in the hardest hours of grief.
It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
It's so much easier to be together when we drop our masks.
It's so the cheerleaders won't graze during the game.
It's some people inside the wall!
It's somebody's birthday.
It's something like this: Formerly the sea was fresh water and salt was rare and expensive.
It's sometimes hard to remember this in the bulk of the flamewars that all of the hassle and pain is generally caused by one or two highly-motivated, caustic twits.
It's sort of a threat, you see.
It's sort of like cosmic duct tape.
It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?
It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
It's the Copyright Police!
It's the Human Hamburger!
It's the RINSE CYCLE!
It's the best thing since professional golfers on 'ludes.
It's the good girls who keep the diaries, the bad girls never have the time.
It's the good ship Enterprise Heading out where danger lies And you live in dread If you're wearing a shirt that's red.
It's the kids' night out.
It's the last one of all!
It's the moral equivalent of a prostate operation.
It's the only even prime, therefore is odd.
It's the only way to be sure.
It's the only way to obtain friends.
It's the opinion of some that crops could be grown on the moon.
It's the perfect way to inform people about such news events long after the broadcast networks have covered them.
It's the psychic predecessor of all real understanding.
It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the establishment of a Hilton on its peak.
It's the same old story; boy meets beer, boy drinks beer.
It's the same thing, he said.
It's the second anniversary of the night I ate plain broccoli.
It's the theory of Jess Birnbaum, of Time magazine, that women with bad legs should stick to long skirts because they cover a multitude of shins.
It's the thing that makes America great.
It's the things we know that ain't so.
It's the thought police!
It's the thought, if any, that counts!
It's the wiring harness that carries the smoke from one device to another in your Mini, MG or Jag.
It's time for Hee-Haw!
It's time to boot, do your boot ROMs know where your disk controllers are?
It's too late, now darling, it's too late.
It's trying to live together afterwards that causes the problems.
It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
It's useless to try to hold some people to anything they say while they're madly in love, drunk, or running for office.
It's very simple, I said.
It's weird, 'cause it's so intellectually lame.
It's what you learn after you know it all that counts.
It's what's in it that matters.
It's when I lose that it bothers me.
Its breed still unknown, And by a bird it was said!
Its disk drives lie end-to-end like a great ocean of machinery.
Its ethics, so to speak, include a disdain for ethics in general.
Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community.
Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
Its meshes are so fine and strong, They take in every child of wrong.
Its monitor loses so totally!
Its name is Public Opinion.
Its six legs hanging in the air, On the road to Mandalay.
Its speaker's lips became entangled The highest rung.
JCL support as alternative to system menu.
JELL-O molds won't work.
JOIN the CREDIT WORLD!
Jabber of the mindless horde Assembling all their pleas in hex.
Jacek, a Polish schoolboy, is told by his teacher that he has been chosen to carry the Polish flag in the May Day parade.
Jack and his relations were poor.
Jack made the trade, then backtracked to his house.
Jane went to the store to buy bread should only be ended with an exclamation point if there is something sensational about her going to the store, for example, if Jane is a cocker spaniel or if Jane is on a diet that doesn't allow bread or if Jane doesn't exist for some reason!
Japan's secret weapon.
Japanese wife, and eat Chinese food.
Jason Thompson's parents got him a computer with two disk drives and 128 kilobytes of random-access memory, and I get this cretin TOP?
Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.
Jean Marsh: pale peach, not very good in beds; better up against a wall.
Jean-Luc Godard, 1971, 7 hours 18 min.
Jeez, baby, the guy moaned, you think I'm made of bricks?
Jekyll had something to Hyde.
Jerry Falwell, would get upset about seeing the wildebeest naked.
Jersey about a month ago.
Jesus Christ arises from the fact that He seems to have been the most virtuous inhabitant of Planet Earth.
Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been found and thy program runneth.
Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin.
Jews believed in before they got so damn sophisticated.
Jim Rockford's machine, this is Larry Doheny's machine.
Jim, come and get me!
Jim, it's Grace at the bank.
Jim, this is Janelle.
Jim, this is Matty down at Ralph's and Mark's.
Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee.
Joe sat as his dying wife's bedside.
Joe's sister puts spaghetti in her shoes!
John Knivlen, Chairman of Polamar Repeater Club, an amateur radio group, had discovered how IC circuits work.
John Lee at Exeter Jail, but on each occasion failed to get the trap door open.
John Milton, who was born in 1608, is the combination of beauty and power.
John Wayne and Randolph Scott, Who is it that always intervenes?
John a hebetudinous fellow.
John the Baptist after poisoning a thief, Looks up at his hero, the Commander-in-Chief, Saying tell me great leader, but please make it brief Is there a hole for me to get sick in?
Johnny's so long at the fair.
Johnny, if you fall and break your leg, don't come running to me!
Johnson defined patriotism as the last refuge of a scoundrel, he ignored the enormous possibilities of the word reform.
Johnson's famous dictionary patriotism is defined as the last resort of the scoundrel.
Johnson, how was your first marriage terminated?
Join clauses good, like a conjunction should.
Join in the new game that's sweeping the country.
Join me in a mass rally for traditional mental attitudes!
Join the Navy; sail to far-off exotic lands, meet exciting interesting people, and kill them.
Join the army, see the world, meet interesting, exciting people, and kill them.
Join the march to save individuality!
Join us soon for more spectacular adventure starring.
Jones related an incident from some time back when IBM Canada Ltd.
Jones, I'll give it to you straight.
Jones, the student loan director from your bank.
Joshu: What is the true Way?
Journalism is literature in a hurry.
Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
Joy is wealth and love is the legal tender of the soul.
Judges, as a class, display, in the matter of arranging alimony, that reckless generosity which is found only in men who are giving away someone else's cash.
Juliet, this bud's for you.
Just a burglar, come to ransack the flat.
Just a few of the perfect excuses for having some strawberry shortcake.
Just a great big chunk on your wrist.
Just a little mix-up.
Just as Einstein observed that space was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in space, and that time was not an absolute, but depended on the observer's movement in time, so it is now realized that numbers are not absolute, but depend on the observer's movement in restaurants.
Just as I cannot remember any time when I could not read and write, I cannot remember any time when I did not exercise my imagination in daydreams about women.
Just as he got to the window, a voice called out, Hey, Dave!
Just as most issues are seldom black or white, so are most good solutions seldom black or white.
Just as the pupil was about to comply, the Master stayed his hand, saying, That is the 'Body of a rock'.
Just ask Jean Marsh, known to millions of PBS viewers in the '70s as Rose, the maid on the BBC export Upstairs, Downstairs.
Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't going to get hit.
Just because everything is different doesn't mean anything has changed.
Just because he's dead is no reason to lay off work.
Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is not worth sending.
Just because there are a few hunderd other people sharing your lunacy with you does not make you any saner.
Just because they are called 'forbidden' transitions does not mean that they are forbidden.
Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
Just between you and i, case is important.
Just different ways to kill the pain the same.
Just don't touch anything.
Just flat out and she'll believe it: I'm tellin' ya.
Just for a few precious seconds.
Just gargle and gargle and I don't care who hears me because I am beautiful.
Just give Alice some pencils and she will stay busy for hours.
Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get a prompt, type like hell.
Just how difficult it is to write biography can be reckoned by anybody who sits down and considers just how many people know the real truth about his or her love affairs.
Just how much can I get away with and still go to heaven?
Just keep your doors locked and look out for the HavenTree attack shark.
Just like everyone else.
Just long enough to put in one good, clean punch.
Just machines to make big decisions, Programmed by men for compassion and vision, We'll be clean when their work is done, We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young, What a beautiful world this will be, What a glorious time to be free.
Just moments, one after another, instead of living so many years ahead each day.
Just north of Tijuana a cop spotted her hand sticking out of the suitcase.
Just once I would like to persuade the audience not to wear any article of blue denim.
Just once I'd like to be better.
Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?
Just picture the scene in your living room on Christmas morning as your children open their old-fashioned presents.
Just relax, enjoy the ride.
Just remember, wherever you go, there you are.
Just remember: when you go to court, you are trusting your fate to twelve people that weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty!
Just screw-up one more time!
Just the place for a Snark!
Just the thing I need.
Just the three of us.
Just then, Karen Carpenter walks in, sits down at the drums, and says: 'Close to You'.
Just then, he vanished.
Just think of a computer as hardware you can program.
Just think what a nicer world this would be if it were controlled by cats.
Just think, with VLSI we can have 100 ENIACS on a chip!
Just to have it is enough.
Just try to be the fellow that Dat his mudder t'inks he is.
Just type in your favorite pithy saying.
Just type in your name and social security number.
Just very, very pretty.
Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt of all the others, and then do what's best.
Just when it reaches boiling, put the sugar in a wire strainer, moisten it in the hot brew, lift it out and ignite it with a match.
Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat!
Just who do they think they are?
Just yesterday morning, they let me know you were gone, Suzanne, the plans they made put an end to you, I went out this morning and I wrote down this song, Just can't remember who to send it to.
Just, Vance Joy said, a butterfly, flying away.
Justice Solomon, asked him if he had heard any evidence at all and, when there was no reply, dismissed him.
Justice always prevails.
Justice has been served, and shortly you and your friends will be, too.
K is for kill, which makes you the boss, while L is for lex, which is missing from DOS.
Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights.
Karl's version of Parkinson's Law: Work expands to exceed the time alloted it.
Kathy exclaims, Shall I pack for warm weather or cold?
Keep America beautiful.
Keep a diary and one day it'll keep you.
Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp!
Keep away from fire or flame.
Keep cool and say nice things to the machine.
Keep cool, but don't freeze.
Keep emotionally active.
Keep ingredients away from open flame.
Keep it short for pithy sake.
Keep others interested in your career, and try not to fumble; it can be a real hassle and could change your fortunes in time.
Keep that guy away from my cocaine!
Keep the company of bums and you will become a bum.
Keep the juices flowing by jangling around gently as you move.
Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
Keep the phase, baby.
Keep them in one big pile.
Keep up the good work!
Keep women you cannot.
Keep your Eye on the Ball, Your Shoulder to the Wheel, Your Nose to the Grindstone, Your Feet on the Ground, Your Head on your Shoulders.
Keep your boss's boss off your boss's back.
Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, half shut afterwards.
Keep your laws off my body!
Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid; Open it and you remove all doubt.
Ken and Barbie are having TOO MUCH FUN!
Kennedy's address to the Greater Houston Ministerial Association September 12, 1960.
Kennicott considered it, and mumbled to Calibree, Think you folks would like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?
Kennicott summarized the whole case against wildness: Let's try it some other time, Carrie.
Kerwin Bernighan, and Document Unix, Are You Kidding?
Ketchup is a vegetable.
Kids always brighten up a house; mostly by leaving the lights on.
Kids, don't gross me off.
Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit, Kill the Wabbit!
Killing is stupid; useless!
Killing turkeys causes winter.
Kind, like a hostess greeting her guests.
Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
Kindness is the beginning of cruelty.
King, and seen the very man they were spoken to.
Kion vi diris pri mia patrino?
Kirkland, Illinois, law forbids bees to fly over the village or through any of its streets.
Kiss a non-smoker; taste the difference.
Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
Kissing a fish is like smoking a bicycle.
Kissing a smoker is like licking an ashtray.
Kissing don't last, cookery do.
Kissing your hand may make you feel very good, but a diamond and sapphire bracelet lasts for ever.
Kitchen activity is highlighted.
Kites rise against the wind, not with it.
Kleeneness is next to Godelness.
Klingon phaser attack from front!
Knight turned the machine off and on.
Knight, seeing what the student was doing spoke sternly, You cannot fix a machine by just power-cycling it with no understanding of what is going wrong.
Knock before entering a ladies room!
Knocked, you weren't in.
Know how to save 5 drowning lawyers?
Know what I hate most?
Knowing chances of cutover hadn't a prayer.
Knowing that every action of such an enlightened one is significant, the seeker watched the teacher closely.
Knowing that we're not going to kill today!
Knowledge without common sense is folly.
Knowledge, sir, should be free to all!
L'hazard ne favorise que l'esprit prepare.
LAST time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!
LBJ, LBJ, how many JOKES did you tell today?
LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!
LILO, you've got me on my knees!
LITER, MAGNUM and BLOTTO.
LITHP This otherwise unremarkable language is distinguished by the absence of an S in its character set; users must substitute TH.
LITHP is said to be useful in protheththing lithtth.
LOGO for the Dead LOGO for the Dead lets you continue your computing activities from The Other Side.
LOGO for the Dead is available for 10 percent of your estate from NecroSoft inc.
La-dee-dee, la-dee-dah.
Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
Lack of money is the root of all evil.
Lack of skill dictates economy of style.
Laddie and Boy were trained as detector dogs for drug raids.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Hobos and Tramps, Cross-eyed mosquitos and bowlegged ants, I come before you to stand behind you To tell you of something I know nothing about.
Ladles and Jellyspoons!
Lady Astor was giving a costume ball and Winston Churchill asked her what disguise she would recommend for him.
Lady Hamilton am I, as well.
Lady Luck brings added income today.
Lady friend takes it away tonight.
Lady, lady, better run!
Lady, lady, should you meet One whose ways are all discreet, One who murmurs that his wife Is the lodestar of his life, One who keeps assuring you That he never was untrue, Never loved another one.
Lady, make a note of this: One of you is lying.
Lady, woman, and girl are all perfectly good words, but misapplying them can earn one anything from the charge of vulgarity to a good swift smack.
Ladybug, ladybug, Look to your stern!
Laetrile is the pits.
Lake Erie died for your sins.
Lamonte Cranston once hired a new Chinese manservant.
Landing is the greatest feeling you can have.
Langley, and he taught me to sing a song.
Language is a virus from another planet.
Language shapes the way we think, and determines what we can think about.
Lapwarmer with built-in buzzer.
Large amounts of alcohol cause many brain cells to perish due to oxygen deprivation.
Large increases in cost with questionable increases in performance can be tolerated only in race horses and women.
Largely because it is so tangible and exciting a program and as such will serve to keep alive the interest and enthusiasm of the whole spectrum of society.
Lasorda decided it was time for one of his famous motivational meetings and zeroed in on Guerrero: How can you play third base like that?
Lassie looked brilliant, in part because the farm family she lived with was made up of idiots.
Last but not least, avoid cliches like the plague; seek viable alternatives.
Last fall I was cuttin' wood up on the north forty when a tree fell on me.
Last guys don't finish nice.
Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone.
Last night I met upon the stair A little man who wasn't there.
Last night the power went out.
Last week I went to the track and they shot my horse with the opening gun.
Last week three of them died.
Last week's pet, this week's special.
Last year we drove across the country.
Last yeer I kudn't spel Engineer.
Lasu'' Wirzenius today released the 0.
Late at night you will find them, In the cheap hotels and bars.
Lately it occurs to me What a long strange trip it's been.
Later she was heard to sing, Some day my prints will come.
Later that day she went to Billy's house and rang the bell.
Later, Nasrudin poured bowls of hot soup for himself and the newcomer, and blew on his own.
Later, it's a well-established technique!
Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!
Latin is a language, As dead as can be.
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone.
Laugh and the world laughs with you.
Laugh and the world thinks you're an idiot.
Laugh at your problems; everybody else does.
Laugh when you can; cry when you must.
Laugh while you can, monkey-boy.
Laugh, and the world ignores you.
Laughing at you is like drop kicking a wounded humming bird.
Laughing on the way to your execution is not generally understood by less advanced life forms, and they'll call you crazy.
Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
Laundry is the fifth dimension!
Laura, I'm disappointed in you.
Lavish spending can be disastrous.
Law stands mute in the midst of arms.
Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
Laws are like sausages.
Lawyers and accountants do not make the economic pie any bigger; they only figure out how the pie gets divided.
Lawyers stay in business resolving all the unresolved what if's.
Lay On Top Of Me Or I'll Die'.
Lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar.
Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, Hold, enough!
Lead me not into temptation.
Lead us in a few words of silent prayer.
Lean upon the western wind, And know you are alone.
Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.
Learn some and think some and draw and paint and sing and dance and play and work some every day.
Learn the Gaslight treatment, the Are you talking to me?
Learned Hand, The Spirit of Liberty, University of Chicago Press, 1952; The Art and Craft of Judging: The Decisions of Judge Learned Hand, edited and annotated by Hershel Shanks, The MacMillian Company, 1968.
Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
Learning French is trivial: the word for horse is cheval, and everything else follows in the same way.
Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.
Learning is the only thing for you.
Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
Leave bigotry in your quarters; there's no room for it on the bridge.
Leave no stone unturned.
Leave the computer here, and accelerate the earth!
Leave the thrashing to us.
Leave your barrow empty!
Leaves, like the things of man, You, with your fresh thoughts Care for, can you?
Left one day for the post office to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar, and didn't come back for 20 years.
Left to themselves, things tend to go from bad to worse.
Leisure gone to seed.
Lemma, it doesn't exist.
Lemma: All horses are the same color.
Lemmings don't grow older, they just die.
Lend money to a bad debtor and he will hate you.
Lenin's fatal mistake, both in theory and in practice.
Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.
Leslie Halliwell helpfully lists four of the cinema's greatest moments which you should get to see if at all possible.
Leslie West heads for the sticks, to Providence, Rhode Island and tries to hide behind a beard.
Less than you'll ever know.
Let Andy have his labor to himself!
Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
Let every man teach his son, teach his daughter, that labor is honorable.
Let go, and that current you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will die quicker than boredom!
Let he who takes the plunge remember to return it by Tuesday.
Let her maunder and mumble.
Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
Let it get in YOUR way.
Let me ask a question.
Let me assure you that to us here at First National, you're not just a number.
Let me begin by reassuring you that my remarks today will stand up to the most stringent requirements of the new appropriateness.
Let me buy him from you, pleaded George after a demonstration.
Let me go upstairs and check.
Let me have a nice half-done.
Let me not to the marriage of true minds Admit impediments.
Let me put it this way, continues the voice.
Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
Let me run those figures through my spread sheet one more time.
Let me see, what's the name of the place I mean?
Let me show you what I mean, said Sherrill, and he told the player to run over to his office to see if he was in.
Let me take you a button-hole lower.
Let me take you by the hand Lead you through the streets of London I'll show you something to make you change your mind.
Let no guilty man escape.
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
Let others praise ancient times; I am glad I was born in these.
Let others think his heart is big, I think it stupid of the Pig.
Let sleeping dogs lie.
Let someone else commit you.
Let the Big Apple have the feats of Broadway Joe Namath.
Let the chili simmer.
Let the good times roll.
Let the machine do the dirty work.
Let the people think they govern and they will be governed.
Let the reader catch his own breath.
Let the worthy citizens of Chicago get their liquor the best way they can.
Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
Let thy maid servant be faithful, strong, and homely.
Let us condemn to hellfire all those who disagree with us.
Let us determine to die, and we will conquer.
Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
Let us go then you and I while the night is laid out against the sky like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie.
Let us go, through certain half-deserted streets, The muttering retreats Of restless nights in one-night cheap hotels And sawdust restaurants with oyster-shells: Streets that follow like a tedious argument Of insidious intent To lead you to an overwhelming question.
Let us never negotiate out of fear, but let us never fear to negotiate.
Let us not look back in anger or forward in fear, but around us in awareness.
Let us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly.
Let us remember that ours is a nation of lawyers and order.
Let us restore to social intercourse that harmony and affection without which liberty and even life itself are but dreary things.
Let us share the deepest secrets of our souls!
Let us sing together Of sun, star, moon and mist, rain and cloudy weather, Light on the budding leag, dew on the feather, Wind on the open hill, bells on the heather, Reeds by the shady pool, lilies on the water: Old Tom Bombadil and the River-daughter!
Let us sing together!
Let us treat men and women well; Treat them as if they were real; Perhaps they are.
Let us, then, fellow citizens, unite with one heart and one mind.
Let your conscience be your guide.
Let's drop the big one now!
Let's hear it for OSI and X!
Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again.
Let's just say that where a change was required, I adjusted.
Let's not be too tough on our own ignorance.
Let's not complicate our relationship by trying to communicate with each other.
Let's not even consider a chainsaw.
Let's organize this thing and take all the fun out of it.
Let's remind ourselves that last year's fresh idea is today's cliche.
Let's ride on the merry-go-round and grab a gold ring!
Let's say a man and woman are watching a boxing match on TV.
Let's say a piece in your toilet tank breaks, so you remove the broken part, take it to the home center, and ask an employee if he has a replacement.
Let's say you want to report that Gretzky has been traded from the Oilers to the Kings.
Let's say you've fallen in love with just such a girl and would like to take her home for the holidays.
Let's say your congressman was trying to travel to Paris to do a fact-finding study on how the French government handles diseases transmitted by sherbet.
Let's say your wedding ring falls into your toaster, and when you stick your hand in to retrieve it, you suffer Pain and Suffering as well as Mental Anguish.
Let's see yer fishin' license, boy, the Warden gasped.
Let's send the Russians defective lifestyle accessories!
Let's show this prehistoric bitch how we do things downtown!
Let's take the shortcut, he can't see us from there.
Lets promote him to the exalted position of management consultant!
Leveraging always beats prototyping.
Lewis Carroll: If I tell you 3 times, it's true.
Liar: one who tells an unpleasant truth.
Liberty don't work as good in practice as it does in speeches.
Liberty is always dangerous, but it is the safest thing we have.
Lid stuck on cookie jar.
Life and death are seldom logical.
Life begins at the centerfold and expands outward.
Life begins when you can spend your spare time programming instead of watching television.
Life being what it is, one dreams of revenge.
Life does not begin at the moment of conception or the moment of birth.
Life exists for no known purpose.
Life in the state of nature is solitary, poor, nasty, brutish, and short.
Life in this society being, at best, an utter bore and no aspect of society being at all relevant to women, there remains to civic-minded responsible thrill-seeking females only to overthrow the government, eliminate the money system, institute complete automation and destroy the male sex.
Life is a biochemical reaction to the stimulus of the surrounding environment in a stable ecosphere, while a bowl of cherries is a round container filled with little red fruits on sticks.
Life is a concentration camp.
Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
Life is a garment we continuously alter, but which never seems to fit.
Life is a healthy respect for mother nature laced with greed.
Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to change his bed.
Life is a process, not a principle, a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved.
Life is a series of rude awakenings.
Life is a serious burden, which no thinking, humane person would wantonly inflict on someone else.
Life is a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
Life is a whole series of circumstances beyond your control.
Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
Life is both difficult and time consuming.
Life is cheap, but the accessories can kill you.
Life is difficult because it is non-linear.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.
Life is fired at us point blank.
Life is fraught with opportunities to keep your mouth shut.
Life is full of concepts that are poorly defined.
Life is just a bowl of cherries, but why do I always get the pits?
Life is knowing how far to go without crossing the line.
Life is like a 10 speed bicycle.
Life is like a bad margarita with good tequila, I thought as I poured whiskey onto my granola and faced a new day.
Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it.
Life is like a bowl of sour cream.
Life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it.
Life is like a sewer.
Life is like a simile.
Life is like a tin of sardines.
Life is like an analogy.
Life is like an onion: you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.
Life is like bein' on a mule team.
Life is not for everyone.
Life is one long struggle in the dark.
Life is the childhood of our immortality.
Life is the living you do, Death is the living you don't do.
Life is the other way around.
Life is the urge to ecstasy.
Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
Life is too important to take seriously.
Life is too short to be taken seriously.
Life is too short to stuff a mushroom.
Life is wasted on the living.
Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
Life may have no meaning, or, even worse, it may have a meaning of which you disapprove.
Life only demands from you the strength you possess.
Life sucks, but death doesn't put out at all.
Life sucks, but it's better than the alternative.
Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
Life would be tolerable but for its amusements.
Life's the same, except for the shoes.
Life's too short to dance with ugly women.
Life, like beer, is merely borrowed.
Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
Lift every voice and sing Till earth and heaven ring, Ring with the harmonies of Liberty; Let our rejoicing rise High as the listening skies, Let it resound loud as the rolling sea.
Light goes the weather-wind and the feathered starling.
Lighten up, while you still can, Don't even try to understand, Just find a place to make your stand, And take it easy.
Lightning across the Bay Bridge at a hundred miles an hour.
Lights started blinking, flashing and blinking some more.
Like Unix Beer, AmigaDOS Beer fans are an extremely loyal and loud group.
Like a bowl of sour cream?
Like a river that don't know where it's flowing, I took a wrong turn and I just kept going.
Like all young men, you greatly exaggerate the difference between one young woman and another.
Like beads strung on a string of their own meaning, each thing pointed to its own common ground of existence, shared by all.
Like corn in a field I cut you down, I threw the last punch way too hard, After years of going steady, well, I thought it was time, To throw in my hand for a new set of cards.
Like enough, you won't be glad, When they come to hang you, lad: But bacon's not the only thing That's cured by hanging from a string.
Like girdles, they attempt to contain an uncontainable experience.
Like ham in beef chow mein.
Like lie in the sun and sleep.
Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
Like modern sex, any number can play.
Like my parents, I have never been a regular church member or churchgoer.
Like punning, programming is a play on words.
Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life that made sense from things she found in gift shops.
Like the hunt, but with richer rewards.
Like the ski resort of girls looking for husbands and husbands looking for girls, the situation is not as symmetrical as it might seem.
Like this rose, our love will wilt and die.
Like those of Caspar Weinberger.
Like to be a little dependent?
Like to meet new and interesting people?
Like winter snow on summer lawn, time past is time gone.
Like you, I am frequently haunted by profound questions related to man's place in the Scheme of Things.
Like, if I'm not for me, then fer shure, like who will be?
Likewise the friendship of persons rests on mutual help.
Likewise, attempts to use another machine may cause it to malfunction.
Likewise, the national appetizer, brine-cured herring with raw onions, wins few friends, Germans excepted.
Lime Jell-O is goyish.
Limited time offer, call now to insure prompt delivery.
Limpopo of swamped Ninth Avenue bears an angry argosy of crocs and dragons, tiger fish, noise machines, sweating rainmakers.
Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!
Linus Torvalds in response to a bug report.
Linus Torvalds, announcing kernel 1.
Linux System Administrators' Guide''.
Linux brand: A recipe originally created by a drunken Finn in his basement, it has since become the home-brew of choice for impecunious brewers and Unix beer-lovers worldwide, many of whom change the recipe.
Linux: Because a PC is a terrible thing to waste.
Linux: the operating system with a CLUE.
Lisp Users: Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine, Fun for everyone.
Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine, Lisp Machine is Fun.
Lispeth forth the sweetest vowels.
Listen, he said, it's important.
Listen, there is no courage or any extra courage that I know of to find out the right thing to do.
Listening to Cole Porter over a dry martini may well suit those unlucky enough never to have heard the Whoopee John Polka Band and never to have shared a pitcher of 3.
Literature is mostly about having sex and not much about having children.
Little Miss Muffet sat on her gluteal region, Eating components of soured milk.
Little Moishe was uneasy enough before he even entered the plane, but now the roar of the engines and the great height absolutely terrified him.
Little Red Vade Mecum, Mao Tse T'umps.
Little else matters than to write good code.
Little girls, like butterflies, need no excuse.
Little is relevant, and nothing lasts forever.
Little known fact about Middle Earth: The Hobbits had a very sophisticated computer network!
Little prigs and three-quarter madmen may have the conceit that the laws of nature are constantly broken for their sakes.
Live Free or Live in Massachusettes.
Live a balanced life.
Live fast, die young, and leave a flat patch of fur on the highway!
Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
Live long and prosper.
Live long enough to be a problem for your children!
Live or die, I'll make a million.
Live within your income, even if you have to borrow to do so.
Live, on the Death label.
Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from.
Living in LA is like not having a date on Saturday night.
Living in New York City gives people real incentives to want things that nobody else wants.
Living in the complex world of the future is somewhat like having bees live in your head.
Living on Earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the Sun.
Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
Lo, I have given thee cow's dung for man's dung, and thou shalt prepare thy bread therewith.
Loan me ten, I got a feelin' it'll save me, With an ornery soul who don't shoot pool for fun, If that coat'll fit you're wearin', The Lord'll bless your sharin' A semi-friend ain't nuthin' much to want.
Loan-department manager: There isn't any fine print.
Lobster: Everyone loves these delectable crustaceans, but many cooks are squeamish about placing them into boiling water alive, which is the only proper method of preparing them.
Local prohibitions cannot block advances in military and commercial technology.
Locally, she was known as the Moor, the marrier.
Location above or across a specified position.
Logic and practical information do not seem to apply here.
Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
Logic is a pretty flower that smells bad.
Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
Logic is an organized way of going wrong with confidence.
Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!
Logic, they say, belongs to man, But let them prove it if they can.
Logical structures no longer inhibited him.
Logically incoherent, semantically incomprehensible, and legally.
Logicians have but ill defined As rational the human kind.
London to Lisbon and thence by dispatch to our headquarters.
Loneliness is a terrible price to pay for independence.
Lonely is a man without love.
Lonely man cries for love and has none.
Lonely men seek companionship.
Lonely women sit at home and wait.
Long ago, in a finite state far away, there lived a JOVIAL character named Jack.
Long and diligent search has not revealed a counterexample.
Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.
Long life is in store for you.
Long live our Noble Queen!
Long live the revolution!
Long time the manxome foe he sought.
Long to reign o'er us!
Long was the way that fate them bore, O'er stony mountains cold and grey, Through halls of iron and darkling door, And woods of nightshade morrowless.
Long were the days of pain I have spent within its walls, and long were the nights of aloneness; and who can depart from his pain and his aloneness without regret?
Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
Look at all those points you're losing!
Look at how well off I am here, he said to a mainframe programmer who came to visit, I have my own operating system and file storage device.
Look at it this way: Your daughter just named the fresh turkey you brought home Cuddles, so you're going out to buy a canned ham.
Look before you leap.
Look for it first where you'd most like to find it.
Look for these three to shut down the opening coin toss.
Look intently at the problem for several minutes.
Look into my eyes and try to forget that you have a Macy's charge card!
Look what a lot of things there are to learn.
Look, another amazingly mobile form of slime mold!
Look, he says, do you suppose you could find some way mathematically of guaranteeing winning at the race track?
Look, this is some kind of put on, right?
Look, we play the Star Spangled Banner before every game.
Look, we trade every day out there with hustlers, deal-makers, shysters, con-men.
Lookie, lookie, here comes cookie.
Looking for a cool one after a long, dusty ride, the drifter strode into the saloon.
Looking forward to an exciting few days, he dragged his suitcase up the stairs of the inn, then stopped short.
Lookout replied, Steady, Captain, which meant we were on a dangerous collision course with that ship.
Loops are accomplished with the FOR SURE construct.
Loose bits sink chips.
Lord have mercy on me!
Lord knows the thing is roomy enough.
Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
Lord, what fools these mortals be!
Los Angeles wife, as she settled into the ripped interior.
Lose a few, lose a few.
Loses these arguments.
Losing your drivers' license is just God's way of saying BOOGA, BOOGA!
Lost and forgotten be, darker than the darkness, Where gates stand for ever shut, till the world is mended.
Lost: gray and white female cat.
Lots of folks are forced to skimp to support a government that won't.
Lots of folks confuse bad management with destiny.
Lots of girls can be had for a song.
Lots of little snakes, everybody is happy.
Lots of people drink from the wrong bottle sometimes.
Loud burping while walking around the airport is prohibited in Halstead, Kansas.
Louie, When there sudden comes a knockin' at the door.
Louis hotel when he noticed a very charming woman staring admiringly at him.
Love IS what it's cracked up to be.
Love and scandal are the best sweeteners of tea.
Love at first sight is one of the greatest labor-saving devices the world has ever seen.
Love brought us to one death.
Love cannot be much younger than the lust for murder.
Love conquers all things; let us too surrender to love.
Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay.
Love is a grave mental disease.
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra and then suddenly it flips over, pinning you underneath.
Love is a snowmobile racing across the tundra, which suddenly flips over, pinning you underneath.
Love is always open arms.
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished.
Love is an obsessive delusion that is cured by marriage.
Love is being stupid together.
Love is dope, not chicken soup.
Love is in the offing.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire.
Love is like the measles; we all have to go through it.
Love is never asking why?
Love is not enough, but it sure helps.
Love is not love Which alters when it alteration finds, Or bends with the remover to remove: O, no!
Love is sentimental measles.
Love is staying up all night with a sick child, or a healthy adult.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
Love is the only game that is not called on account of darkness.
Love is the process of my leading you gently back to yourself.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Love is what you feel just before you give someone a good.
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
Love isn't only blind, it's also deaf, dumb, and stupid.
Love long has taken for his amulet One perfect rose.
Love makes fools, marriage cuckolds, and patriotism malevolent imbeciles.
Love makes the world go 'round, with a little help from intrinsic angular momentum.
Love may fail, but courtesy will previal.
Love may laugh at locksmiths, but he has a profound respect for money bags.
Love means having to say you're sorry every five minutes.
Love means never having to say you're sorry.
Love means nothing to a tennis player.
Love sometimes expresses itself in sacrifice.
Love tells us many things that are not so.
Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.
Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.
Love ties in a knot in the end of the rope.
Love your country but never trust its government.
Love your enemies: they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
Love your neighbour, yet don't pull down your hedge.
Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks Within his bending sickle's compass come; Love alters not with his brief hours and weeks, But bears it out even to the edge of doom.
Lucas is British, and all things British leak!
Lucas is the source of many of the components of the legendarily reliable British automotive electrical systems.
Luck can't last a lifetime, unless you die young.
Luck, that's when preparation and opportunity meet.
Luckily this is not difficult.
Luckily, repairs were swift and the computer was working again the same evening.
Luke, I'm yer father, eh.
Lullaby Lilla Boy, Louisville Lou.
Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
Lying lips are abomination to the Lord; but they that deal truly are his delight.
M is for more, from which less was begot, and N is for nice, which it really is not.
M suggests that to obtain the best results, one should make the bond while the adhesive is wet, aggressively tacky.
M, under the Scotch brand name, manufactures a fine adhesive for art and display work.
MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator?
MAFIA documentation is rather scanty, and the MAFIA sales office exhibits that testy reluctance to bona fide inquiries which is the hallmark of so many DP operations.
MAY 1988 BE A HAPPY YEAR!
MEETS HARRU IN SAN DIEGO!
MERYL STREEP is my obstetrician!
MIT Tech can't promise these fantastic results to everyone, but when you earn your MDL degree from MIT Tech your future will be brighter.
MORAL OF THE STORY: Invest in foreign consumer electronics manufacturers.
MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
MVS Air Lines: The passengers all gather in the hangar, watching hundreds of technicians check the flight systems on this immense, luxury aircraft.
MY income is ALL disposable!
Ma Bell is a mean mother!
Ma'am, answered the snake handler, that will be the day I learn who my real friends are.
Mac Airways: The cashiers, flight attendants and pilots all look the same, feel the same and act the same.
Mac Beer: At first, came only a 16-oz.
MacDonald has the gift on compressing the largest amount of words into the smallest amount of thoughts.
MacDowell had written the elegy?
Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years.
Machine language gave birth to the assembler.
Machine-Independent, adj.
Machines have less problems.
Machines or The Lawyer's Friend.
Machines should work.
Machines take me by surprise with great frequency.
Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the repairman arrives.
Macho does not prove mucho.
Madame, you are ugly; very, very ugly.
Made it pointless to think any more.
Madness has no purpose.
Madness takes its toll.
Maiden, croaked the frog, would you do me a favor?
Mail your fortunes right now to fortune.
Major General David Nichols, Air Force.
Majorities, of course, start with minorities.
Make a wish, it might come true.
Make each pronoun agree with their antecedents.
Make headway at work.
Make her proud and strong again, democracy for all.
Make her whole and beautiful, work from sun to sun.
Make it right before you make it faster.
Make me maintain AIX.
Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
Make our country well again, respected by the world.
Make sure you get your children exactly what they ask for, even if you disapprove of their choices.
Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.
Make the copy within 48 hours.
Make your pens carefully.
Makes a heck of a lot.
Makes me glad I was a CS major, life is really pleasant for me.
Making files is easy under the UNIX operating system.
Making the world safe for competing window systems.
Malone turns around to see his wife, with a face grim as death, stalking to the bar.
Man and wife make one fool.
Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
Man does the classifying.
Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Man is a military animal, glories in gunpowder, and loves parade.
Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
Man is by nature a political animal.
Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft.
Man is the highest animal.
Man is the measure of all things.
Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps; for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
Man must shape his tools lest they shape him.
Man trapped in a human body!
Man who arrives at party two hours late will find he has been beaten to the punch.
Man who falls in blast furnace is certain to feel overwrought.
Man who falls in vat of molten optical glass makes spectacle of self.
Man who sleep in beer keg wake up sticky.
Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
Man's reach must exceed his grasp, for why else the heavens?
Man's unique agony as a species consists in his perpetual conflict between the desire to stand out and the need to blend in.
Man, that was really Out There.
Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.
Mankind is poised midway between the gods and the beasts.
Mankind's yearning to engage in sports is older than recorded history, dating back to the time millions of years ago, when the first primitive man picked up a crude club and a round rock, tossed the rock into the air, and whomped the club into the sloping forehead of the first primitive umpire.
Mann Act with an interstate Greyhound bus.
Mantis Consumers Retail Law Outlet, our motto is: 'It is very difficult to disprove certain kinds of pain.
Mantis, president of Consumers Retail Law Outlet.
Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive than DEC admits.
Many a bum show has been saved by the flag.
Many a family tree needs trimming.
Many a man has fallen in love with a girl in a light so dim he would not have chosen a suit by it.
Many a man in love with a dimple makes the mistake of marrying the whole girl.
Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will get a respectful hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
Many a man who thinks he's going on a maiden voyage with a woman finds out later that it was just a shake-down cruise.
Many a wife thinks her husband is the world's greatest lover.
Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning.
Many aligators will be slain, but the swamp will remain.
Many are called, few are chosen.
Many are called, few volunteer.
Many are cold, but few are frozen.
Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
Many college students become victims of this dread disorder due to poor habits such as overstudying.
Many enraged psychiatrists are inciting a weary butcher.
Many hands make light work.
Many have seen Topaxci, God of the Red Mushroom, and they earn the name of shaman, he said.
Many husbands go broke on the money their wives save on sales.
Many mental processes admit of being roughly measured.
Many more people might be interested.
Many of our students have gone on to achieve great success in all fields of programming.
Many of the characters are fools and they are always playing tricks on me and treating me badly.
Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.
Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very very thin paper.
Many pages make a thick book.
Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice which will recommend that they do what they want to do.
Many people are secretly interested in life.
Many people are unenthusiastic about their work.
Many people are unenthusiastic about your work.
Many people feel that if you won't let them make you happy, they'll make you suffer.
Many people feel that they deserve some kind of recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.
Many people resent being treated like the person they really are.
Many people think that a very abstract activity, like the playing of chess, would be best.
Many people wonder where the word eggnog comes from.
Many people would have panicked at this point.
Many people write memos to tell you they have nothing to say.
Many receive advice, few profit by it.
Many see it as only a body of facts, promulgated from on high in must, unintelligible textbooks, a collection of unchanging precepts defended with authoritarian vigor.
Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.
Many suitcases look alike.
Many well-meaning persons suppose that the discus- sion respecting the means for baffling the supposed safety of locks offers a premium for dishonesty, by showing others how to be dishonest.
Many years ago in a period commonly know as Next Friday Afternoon, there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday.
March is spring, sort of, usually, March means maybe, but don't bet on it.
Margaret, are you grieving Over Goldengrove unleaving?
Marijuana will be legal some day, because the many law students who now smoke pot will someday become congressmen and legalize it in order to protect themselves.
Marines for the extra day.
Mark Twain said her first book gave him joy for 20 years.
Marriage Ceremony: An incredible metaphysical sham of watching God and the law being dragged into the affairs of your family.
Marriage always demands the greatest understanding of the art of insincerity possible between two human beings.
Marriage causes dating problems.
Marriage is a ghastly public confession of a strictly private intention.
Marriage is a lot like the army, everyone complains, but you'd be surprised at the large number that re-enlist.
Marriage is a romance in which the hero dies in the first chapter.
Marriage is a three ring circus: engagement ring, wedding ring, and suffering.
Marriage is always a bachelor's last option.
Marriage is an institution in which two undertake to become one, and one undertakes to become nothing.
Marriage is based on the theory that when a man discovers a brand of beer exactly to his taste he should at once throw up his job and go to work in the brewery.
Marriage is learning about women the hard way.
Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside desperate to get out.
Marriage is like twirling a baton, turning handsprings, or eating with chopsticks.
Marriage is low down, but you spend the rest of your life paying for it.
Marriage is not merely sharing the fettucine, but sharing the burden of finding the fettucine restaurant in the first place.
Marriage is the only adventure open to the cowardly.
Marriage is the process of finding out what kind of man your wife would have preferred.
Marriage is the sole cause of divorce.
Marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
Marriage is the waste-paper basket of the emotions.
Marriage, in life, is like a duel in the midst of a battle.
Marriages are made in heaven and consummated on earth.
Marry in haste and everyone starts counting the months.
Marry them and they come to hate the way you walk across the room; remain their lover, and they jilt you at the end of six months.
Martin was probably ripping them off.
Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
Marvin the Nature Lover spied a grasshopper hopping along in the grass, and in a mood for communing with nature, rare even among full-fledged Nature Lovers, he spoke to the grasshopper, saying: Hello, friend grasshopper.
Maryel brought her bat into Exit once and started whacking people on the dance floor.
Massachusetts has the best politicians money can buy.
Master, does Emacs have the Buddha nature?
Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
Mater artium necessitas.
Mathematicians are like Frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate into their own language and forthwith it is something entirely different.
Mathematicians often resort to something called Hilbert space, which is described as being n-dimensional.
Mathematicians practice absolute freedom.
Mathematicians stand on each other's shoulders.
Mathematicians think they're metamathematicians.
Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
Mathematics is the only science where one never knows what one is talking about nor whether what is said is true.
Mathemeticians stand on each other's shoulders while computer scientists stand on each other's toes.
Matrimony is something they accept when there is no alternative.
Matrimony is the root of all evil.
Matrimony isn't a word, it's a sentence.
Matter cannot be created or destroyed, nor can it be returned without a receipt.
Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
Matthew Passion on a ukelele.
Maturity is only a short break in adolescence.
Mausoleum: The final and funniest folly of the rich.
Max told his friend that he'd just as soon not go hiking in the hills.
May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!
May I ask a young lady who is a stranger to me to share its protection?
May I ask two questions, sir?
May I find your breast like clusters of grapes on the vine, the scent of your breath like apricots, and your whispers like spiced wine flowing smoothly to welcome my caresses, gliding down through lips and teeth.
May I have a beer, please?
May I have your phone number?
May a Misguided Platypus lay its Eggs in your Jockey Shorts.
May a hundred thousand midgets invade your home singing cheesy lounge-lizard versions of songs from The Wizard of Oz.
May all your PUSHes be POPped.
May be too intense for some viewers.
May it all turn out to your happiness.
May prove a beauteous flower when next we meet.
May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.
May the fleas of a thousand camels infest your armpits.
May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
May they perish who have expressed our bright ideas before us.
May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.
May we together become greater than the sum of both of us.
May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.
May you have many beautiful and obedient daughters.
May you have many handsome and obedient sons.
May you have warm words on a cold evening, a full moon on a dark night, and a smooth road all the way to your door.
May you live in uninteresting times.
May you make the Yuletide pay.
May your RAMS be fruitful and multiply.
May your SO always know when you need a hug.
May your Tongue stick to the Roof of your Mouth with the Force of a Thousand Caramels.
May your camel be as swift as the wind.
May your future be limited only by your dreams.
Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
Maybe I can catch him there.
Maybe he could really have amounted to something as a coffee achiever.
Maybe he'll go to his 20th reunion, and they'll see his Rolex Hyperion.
Maybe it just sags Like a heavy load.
Maybe it leads to heaven, or a sandwich!
Maybe it meant something.
Maybe not, in the long run.
Maybe there should be a newsgroup like, say, alt.
Maybe until mid-1995.
Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes.
Maybe we should invade South Dakota or something.
Maybe we should think of this as one perfect week.
Maybe you can't buy happiness, but these days you can certainly charge it.
Maybe you've seen some of it.
Mayo Clinic, named after its founder, Dr.
Meanehwael, baccat meaddehaele, monstaer lurccen; Fulle few too many drincce, hie luccen for fyht.
Meantime, in the slums below Ronnie's Ranch, Cynthia feels as if some one has made voodoo boxen of her and her favorite backplanes.
Meanwhile, broil a good steak.
Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all-time low over the world.
Meanwhile, make sure the rum teh absolutely highest quality.
Meanwhile, the marine biologist arrived at the zoo and procured his bird.
Measure twice, cut once.
Measure with a micrometer.
Medical term meaning to share the wealth.
Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.
Meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge.
Meekness: Uncommon patience in planning a revenge that is worth while.
Meester, do you vant to buy a duck?
Meet the Girls with the Thermo-Nuclear Navels!
Meetings would destroy the whole point of it.
Members declared in the public parts are visible to all clients; members declared in the private parts are fully encapsulated; and members declared in the protected parts are visible only to the class itself and its subclasses.
Memorable line, 'Cause I'm just a stud spud!
Memories of you remind me of you.
Memory fault - where am I?
Memory should be the starting point of the present.
Men always expect to meet beautiful women at the laundromat.
Men are always ready to respect anything that bores them.
Men are those creatures with two legs and eight hands.
Men are vaguely aware of some short people living in the house.
Men aren't attracted to me by my mind.
Men become insensitive.
Men believe they already have all the clothes they will ever need, and new ones make them nervous.
Men don't discard clothes.
Men freely believe that what they wish to desire.
Men have a much better time of it than women; for one thing they marry later; for another thing they die earlier.
Men have as exaggerated an idea of their rights as women have of their wrongs.
Men have become the tool of their tools.
Men laugh about the bachelor party.
Men live for three things, fast cars, fast women and fast food.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Men never make passes at girls wearing glasses.
Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.
Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
Men of quality are not afraid of women for equality.
Men ought to know that from the brain and from the brain only arise our pleasures, joys, laughter, and jests as well as our sorrows, pains, griefs and tears.
Men say of women what pleases them; women do with men what pleases them.
Men say they love cats, but when women aren't looking, men kick cats.
Men seldom show dimples to girls who have pimples.
Men still remember the first kiss after women have forgotten the last.
Men think David Letterman is the funniest man on the face of the Earth.
Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings, and speech only to conceal their thoughts.
Men wear sensible socks.
Men who cherish for women the highest respect are seldom popular with them.
Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies.
Men's skin is different from women's skin.
Mencken, writing of William Jennings Bryan, counsel for the supporters of Tennessee's anti-evolution law at the Scopes Monkey Trial in 1925.
Mene, mene, tekel, upharsen.
Mental power tended to corrupt, and absolute intelligence tended to corrupt absolutely, until the victim eschewed violence entirely in favor of smart solutions to stupid problems.
Message will arrive in the mail.
Messiah, if you get my drift.
Metamathematicians think they're philosophers.
Metermaids eat their young.
Mi estas komputilisto.
Mi legas multe da scienca fikcio.
MiG-25, its engines had a total lifetime of 250 hours.
Mice have five appendages, and four of them are feet.
Mice have five appendages; four of them are feet; one is a tail.
Mice have four legs, four feet, and one tail per unit-mouse.
Mickey Mouse wears a Spiro Agnew watch.
Microbiology Lab: Staph Only!
Microsoft is not the answer.
Microsoft is the question.
Microsoft, it will never work.
Microsoft,' don't you?
Microwaves frizz your heir.
Middle-aged husbands in such photographs are often described as looking young enough to be her son, but they don't always escape so easily, and a couple opening envelopes in the season of mercy and good will sometimes handle a male friend or acquaintance rather sharply.
Midwest farmers are just plain folks.
Mieux vaut tard que jamais!
Might as well be frank, monsieur.
Might as well have put it down the drain.
Mighty starships plied their way between exotic suns, seeking adventure and reward among the furthest reaches of Galactic space.
Miguel Cervantes wrote Donkey Hote.
Mike's Law: For a lumber company employing two men and a cut-off saw, the marginal product of labor for any number of additional workers equals zero until the acquisition of another cut-off saw.
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
Miller sued for damages, claming that he was crippled and would have to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair.
Miller's Practical Gamekeeping.
Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
Millions of innocent men, women, and children, since the introduction of Christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned; yet we have not advanced one inch towards uniformity.
Milton wrote Paradise Lost, then his wife died and he wrote Paradise Regained.
Mind your own business, Spock.
Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
Mine was one of the last to go in.
Minicomputer: A computer that can be afforded on the budget of a middle-level manager.
Minnesotans ask, Why aren't there more pharmacists from Alabama?
Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.
Minors in Kansas City, Missouri, are not allowed to purchase cap pistols; they may buy shotguns freely, however.
Minutes' news team waiting in your office.
Miriam Hargrave had failed her test thirty-nine times.
Mirrors should reflect a little before throwing back images.
Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.
Misery no longer loves company.
Misfortunes arrive on wings and leave on foot.
Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses.
Miss Manners also believes that the sight of people strolling hand in hand or arm in arm or arm in hand dresses up a city considerably more than the more familiar sight of people shaking umbrellas at one another.
Miss Manners has been known to squeeze a gentleman's arm while being helped over a curb, and, in her wild youth, even to press a dainty slipper against a foot or two under the dinner table.
Mississippi will be only a mile and three-quarters long.
Mist and twilight, cloud and shade, Away shall fade!
Mistaken at the top of one's voice.
Mistakes are often the stepping stones to utter failure.
Mistakes made while you wait.
Mister, said the man, can I have a quarter?
Mistrust first impulses; they are always right.
Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans; it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
Mobius strippers never show you their back side.
Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
Moderation in all things.
Moderation is a fatal thing.
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea.
Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
Modern psychology takes completely for granted that behavior and neural function are perfectly correlated, that one is completely caused by the other.
Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
Moebius always does it on the same side.
Moishe Margolies, who weighed all of 105 pounds and stood an even five feet in his socks, was taking his first airplane trip.
Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?
Monday is an awful way to spend one seventh of your life.
Money and women are the most sought after and the least known of any two things we have.
Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Money cannot buy love, nor even friendship.
Money doesn't talk, it swears.
Money is a powerful aphrodisiac.
Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.
Money is how we keep score.
Money is its own reward.
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots.
Money is the root of all money.
Money is the root of all wealth.
Money isn't everything, but at least it keeps the kids in touch.
Money may buy friendship but money cannot buy love.
Money will say more in one moment than the most eloquent lover can in years.
Money's just the way we keep score.
Moneyliness is next to Godliness.
Monogamy is the Western custom of one wife and hardly any mistresses.
Monogamy is the same.
Moon and said, I understand how to make a better garbage collector.
Moping, melancholy mad: Come, pipe a tune to dance to, lad.
Moral: Empiricism is more fun than speculation.
Moral: There is no safety in numbers, or in anything else.
Morality is one thing.
More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
More dough,'' explains the author.
More generally, this has been a weakness of radical politics: to idealize the oppressed, as if their politics and culture were untouched by the system of domination, as if people did not participate in their own submission.
More often, egregious findings that contradict well-established research turn out to be artifacts.
More on confusing aliases, taken from comp.
More people are flattered into virtue than bullied out of vice.
More software projects have gone awry for lack of calendar time than for all other causes combined.
More than a mere hindrance.
More than any time in history, mankind now faces a crossroads.
More than enough rope.
More than just a generation behind.
More than once, I would have gladly traded all the gifts I got for a new set of tires.
Moreover, a faculty panel of deconstructionists have reconfigured the rhetorical components within a post-structuralist framework, so as to expunge any offensive elements of western rationalism and linear logic.
Moreover, the lack of conceptual integrity made the system far more costly to build and change, and I would estimate that it added a year to debugging time.
Moreover, the satellites are invisible to the naked eye and therefore can have no influence on the earth and therefore would be useless and therefore do not exist.
Mortal Users fear to tread.
Mos Eisley Spaceport; you'll not find a more wretched collection of villainy and disreputable types.
Most American homes have alternating current, which means that the electricity goes in one direction for a while, then goes in the other direction.
Most Movies Live Less Than Two Hours.
Most Texans think Hanukkah is some sort of duck call.
Most UNIX programmers are great masters of style.
Most burning issues generate far more heat than light.
Most computer scientists don't notice this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.
Most general statements are false, including this one.
Most important, salting reduces the life spans of cars, thus stimulating the car and steel industries.
Most importantly, a towel has immense psychological value.
Most legends have their basis in facts.
Most modern reporters are top-notch computer experts who will understand the net, and your problems, perfectly.
Most non-Catholics know that the Catholic schools are rendering a greater service to our nation than the public schools in which subversive textbooks have been used, in which Communist-minded teachers have taught, and from whose classrooms Christ and even God Himself are barred.
Most notably I have ignored the evidence for an Earth that is six thousand years old.
Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable.
Most of our lives are about proving something, either to ourselves or to someone else.
Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking difficulties before we get to them.
Most of the funny names come from Biblical people.
Most of the gods were pleased with sacrifice, and the smell of innocent blood has ever been considered a divine perfume.
Most of the major stars of the chess world were there, and after a grueling day of chess, the players and their entourages retired to the lobby of the hotel for a little refreshment.
Most of the time I go to sleep without saying goodbye.
Most of them hurt her feet.
Most of them looked at him pecularly, mumbled things about urgent appointments, and went on their way rather quickly.
Most of us have gears we never use.
Most of us just sit back and marvel at such a story; how could that terminal know whether the poor guy was sitting or standing?
Most of us know the Swan movement rather well, with its smooth, flowing cello melody against a calm background; but I've been having this fantasy.
Most of us, when all is said and done, like what we like and make up reasons for it afterwards.
Most of what I really need to know about how to live, and what to do, and how to be, I learned in kindergarten.
Most of your faults are not your fault.
Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the moon.
Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.
Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently than they do.
Most people deserve each other.
Most people don't need a great deal of love nearly so much as they need a steady supply.
Most people eat as though they were fattening themselves for market.
Most people exhibit what political scientists call the conservatism of the peasantry.
Most people feel that everyone is entitled to their opinion.
Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained only by the disinclination of others to listen.
Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.
Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
Most people need some of their problems to help take their mind off some of the others.
Most people prefer certainty to truth.
Most people want either less corruption or more of a chance to participate in it.
Most people will listen to your unreasonable demands, if you'll consider their unacceptable offer.
Most people will probably keep drinking Windows 3.
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
Most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning.
Most public domain software is free, at least at first glance.
Most quotable line: Ah'll be baked.
Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who can't talk for people who can't read.
Most seminars have a happy ending.
Most things get steadily worse.
Mostly because there was a Muppets calendar on the wall when we were trying to think of a name, and Kermit is a pleasant, unassuming sort of character.
Mother Earth is not flat!
Mother Mouse, with the hopeless valor of a parent protecting its children, turned with her teeth bared to the cat, towering huge above them, and suddenly began to bark in a fashion that would have done any Doberman proud.
Mother is far too clever to understand anything she does not like.
Mother is the invention of necessity.
Mother told me to be good but she's been wrong before.
Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.
Mount, mount all your DECtapes now And copy the file somehow, somehow.
Mountain Dew and doughnuts.
Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the machine room.
Mounten' wird fuer drei Dinge benutzt: 'Aufsitzen' auf Pferde, 'einklinken' von Festplatten in Dateisysteme, und, nun, 'besteigen' beim Sex.
Mouse clicks numb the fingers.
Movement' is or was trying to make?
Much impressed by this news, several of his peers went to speak with him.
Much more successful than the people who laughed at him in high school.
Much noise has been made about rehabilitating the worker using drugs, but to date the vast majority of programs end with the simple firing or the not hiring of the abuser.
Much of the excitement we get out of our work is that we don't really know what we are doing.
Mulcahey looks at Malone, who shrugs, and then back at Margaret Mary Malone.
Multics is security spelled sideways.
Multiply a character string times a bit string and assign the result to a float decimal?
Mumbles inaudibly when attempting to speak.
Munching the tasty grass, The Sacred Chao replied MU.
Mundus vult decipi decipiatur ergo.
Murder is contrary to the laws of man and God.
Murphy was an optimist.
Murphy's Law applies to Newton's.
Murphy's Law is recursive.
Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem.
Mushrooms are what grows on vegetables when food's done with them.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
Music will be played.
Musicians are just playin' folks.
Must I hold a candle to my shames?
Must he toil As Andy bade and till the very soil?
Must they be compiled?
My Bonnie looked into a gas tank, The height of its contents to see!
My God, I'm depressed!
My God, Lida is enormous!
My LESLIE GORE record is BROKEN.
My accumulator overflows.
My advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it.
My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
My band career ended late in my senior year when John Cooper and I threw my amplifier out the dormitory window.
My beverage utensil experiences a volume crisis.
My blushes, Watson, Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice.
My boy is a mean kid.
My brain is my second favorite organ.
My brain is paged out to my liver.
My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big sattelite photo of the entire earth on it.
My car broke down, said the traveler, and I want to know if you would let me stay here for the night.
My carpet smells like piss, and I don't have a cat.
My computer can beat up your computer.
My country, right or wrong is a thing that no patriot would think of saying, except in a desperate case.
My cup hath runneth'd over with love.
My darling wife was always glum.
My dear Bagginses and Boffins, and my dear Tooks and Brandybucks, and Grubbs, and Chubbs, and Burrowses, and Hornblowers, and Bolgers, Bracegirdles, Goodbodies, Brockhouses and Proudfoots.
My dear fellows, The captain cried out.
My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four.
My doctorate's in Literature, but it seems like a pretty good pulse to me.
My experience with government is when things are non-controversial, beautifully co-ordinated and all the rest, it must be that not much is going on.
My experiment was a success, the chemist retorted.
My eyes are always cold.
My eyes just can't stand the light.
My face is new, my license is expired, and I'm under a doctor's care!
My family history begins with me, but yours ends with you.
My father left when I was quite young.
My father was a God-fearing man, but he never missed a copy of the New York Times, either.
My father was a saint, I'm not.
My father, a good man, told me, Never lose your ignorance; you cannot replace it.
My favorite day, said Pooh.
My favorite sandwich is peanut butter, baloney, cheddar cheese, lettuce and mayonnaise on toasted bread with catsup on the side.
My first baseman is George Catfish Metkovich from our 1952 Pittsburgh Pirates team, which lost 112 games.
My folks can make me split my side, I laughed so hard I nearly died, The tales they tell, sound just like lying, They grow the fruit, But eat the rind, I laugh until I start to crying, When I think about my folks.
My folks didn't come over on the Mayflower, but they were there to meet the boat.
My friend has a baby.
My friend said Virgil Thomson.
My friends all got sources, so why can't I see?
My friends, I am here to tell you of the wonderous continent known as Africa.
My future now hangs in between eigenstates.
My geometry teacher was sometimes acute, and sometimes obtuse, but always, always, he was right.
My get-up-and-go has got-up-and-went.
My girlfriend called me at work and asked me how you change a lightbulb in the bathroom.
My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful.
My godda bless, never I see sucha people.
My haircut is totally traditional!
My hand, though now my knuckles bleed, I never soiled with such a deed.
My home economics teacher says that one must never place one's elbows on the table.
My idea of roughing it is when room service is late.
My idea of roughing it turning the air conditioner too low.
My interest is in the future because I am going to spend the rest of my life there.
My jobs it always thrashes!
My kingdom for a horse!
My lad, said Troll, this bone I stole.
My life is a patio of fun!
My life is a soap opera, but who gets the movie rights?
My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights?
My message is not that biological determinists were bad scientists or even that they were always wrong.
My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say.
My mind can never know my body, although it has become quite friendly with my legs.
My mind is a potato field.
My mind is making ashtrays in Dayton.
My mother drinks to forget she drinks.
My mother wants grandchildren, so I said, Mom, go for it!
My mother was a test tube; my father was a knife.
My mother was the travel agent for guilt trips.
My mother's uncle was a good man.
My nose feels like a bad Ronald Reagan movie.
My notion of a husband at forty is that a woman should be able to change him, like a bank note, for two twenties.
My only love sprung from my only hate!
My only response was to begin wearing a small Star of David on a chain around my neck.
My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them.
My opinion is, that it was a done thing between him and Scrooge's nephew; and that the Ghost of Christmas Present knew it.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's.
My own feeling is that it is not crazy enough.
My own life has been spent chronicling the rise and fall of human systems, and I am convinced that we are terribly vulnerable.
My own mind is my own Church.
My pants just went on a wild rampage through a Long Island Bowling Alley!
My pants just went to high school in the Carlsbad Caverns!
My parents went to Niagara Falls and all I got was this crummy life.
My parrot who was cordial Is now transmitting static.
My pen is at the bottom of a page, Which, being finished, here the story ends; 'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done, But stories somehow lengthen when begun.
My philosophy is: Don't think.
My players are just too stupid for me to deal with them, he told the unbelieving dean.
My polyvinyl cowboy wallet was made in Hong Kong by Montgomery Clift!
My predecessor did this for me, and I'll pass the tradition along to you, he said.
My problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income.
My program touched him so deeply that he was speechless.
My pup, she murmured sadly, runneth over.
My ranting gets raves.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
My ritual differs slightly.
My schedule is already full.
My sense of purpose is gone!
My sex life is A-okay.
My shampoo lasts longer than my relationships.
My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii.
My sister, who was a good person, said, You're going to get it.
My soul is crushed, my spirit sore I do not like me anymore, I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse, I ponder on the narrow house I shudder at the thought of men I'm due to fall in love again.
My spirit, free to work without a plan, follows its own instinct.
My storage system's better than magnetic core polarity, You never have to bother checking out a bit for parity; There isn't any reason to install non-static floor matting; My disk drive has capacity for variable formatting.
My tax return is late.
My tears stuck in their little ducts, refusing to be jerked.
My theology, briefly, is that the universe was dictated but not signed.
My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away.
My uncle Murray conquered Egypt in 53 B.
My vampire told you he'd be hurt if you didn't let him?
My way of joking is to tell the truth.
My whole being exists in a formless void.
My wife and I are going to travel, Miller replied.
My wife is a gorgeous young actress who considers my two mistresses to be her best friends.
My wife is available.
My wife was sitting on a chair next to the bed, humming softly and watching the late afternoon sun filtering through the trees.
My wife's first husband.
My, how you've changed since I've changed.
Mysticism is based on the assumption that you can quit the game.
Mystics always hope that science will some day overtake them.
Mythology comes nearest to it of any.
N-ary the tree I am, I am, N-ary the tree I am.
NFS from a remote Linux machine in Paraguay doesn't seem to get the background colors right, you'll know who to thank.
NOTE: No warranties, either express or implied, are hereby given.
Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection.
Naked people have little or no influence on society.
Name two families whose kids won't join the Marines.
Nancy, if you were my wife, I'd drink it.
Naomi, sex at noon taxes.
Nasrudin called at a large house to collect for charity.
Nasrudin replied, Tell your master that next time he goes out, he should not leave his face at the window.
Nasrudin returned to his village from the imperial capital, and the villagers gathered around to hear what had passed.
Nasrudin said, First things first.
Nasrudin walked into a shop one day, and the owner came forward to serve him.
Nasrudin walked into a teahouse and declaimed, The moon is more useful than the sun.
Nasrudin was carrying home a piece of liver and the recipe for liver pie.
Nasrudin was first in line.
Nasrudin withdrew to his chambers, and spent an hour trying to bite his own ear.
National security is in your hands - guard it well.
Natural laws have no pity.
Natural selection won't matter soon, not anywhere as much as concious selection.
Naturally, in the course of the day, an insight occurred to him.
Nature abhors a hero.
Nature abhors a vacuous experimenter.
Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where, it cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs.
Nature is very un-American.
Nature makes boys and girls lovely to look upon so they can be tolerated until they acquire some sense.
Nature never hurries.
Nature to all things fixed the limits fit, And wisely curbed proud man's pretending wit.
Nature, in her infinite wisdom, is presumably working on it.
Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
Naw, I gotta git outa here, boy, the man grunted.
Nay not so, Replied the angel.
Nazis or Hitler approaches one.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.
Necessity has no law.
Necessity hath no law.
Necessity is a mother.
Necessity is the mother of futile dodges is much nearer the truth.
Necessity is the mother of invention is a silly proverb.
Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.
Neckties strangle clear thinking.
Needs are a function of what other people have.
Negative expectations yield negative results.
Neglect of duty does not cease, by repetition, to be neglect of duty.
Neglect of the subtle art of curtation has probably alienated more people than any other aspect of data processing.
Neither Has the World!
Neither be cyclical about results; for in the face of all data analysis it is sure to be noticed.
Neither do they throw parties for the urban proletariat.
Neither does the lack of rank.
Neither profession provides any added value to product.
Neither sound nor thoughts can travel through a vacuum.
Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.
Nelson if he really wanted to share the limited opportunities of a then-small company with another designer.
Nemo me impune lacessit.
Neronic doodling while the system burns.
Neurotics build castles in the sky, Psychotics live in them, And psychiatrists collect the rent.
Neutrinos are into physicists.
Neutrinos have bad breadth.
Never accept an invitation from a stranger unless he gives you candy.
Never appeal to a man's better nature.
Never argue with a fool.
Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
Never arrive on time, or you will be stamped a beginner.
Never ascribe to malice that which is caused by greed and ignorance.
Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.
Never ask two questions in a business letter.
Never be afraid to tell the world who you are.
Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
Never bestow profanity upon a driver who has wronged you.
Never buy from a rich salesman.
Never buy what you do not want because it is cheap; it will be dear to you.
Never call a man a fool.
Never commit yourself!
Never copy what you can trace.
Never delay the ending of a meeting or the beginning of a cocktail hour.
Never discuss business with anyone who refuses to give his name.
Never do today what you can put off until tomorrow.
Never draw what you can copy.
Never drink coke in a moving elevator.
Never eat anything bigger than your head.
Never eat at a place called Mom's.
Never eat between snacks, unless it's a meal.
Never eat on an empty stomach.
Never eat rutabaga on any day of the week that has a y in it.
Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
Never face facts; if you do, you'll never get up in the morning.
Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
Never fry bacon in the nude.
Never get into fights with ugly people because they have nothing to lose.
Never give a sucker an even break or smarten up a chump.
Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
Never goose a wolverine.
Never have children, only grandchildren.
Never have so many known so much about people for whom they cared so little.
Never have so many understood so little about so much.
Never having to say you're sorry.
Never heard of such a thing.
Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.
Never in the history of war have so few been led by so many.
Never include a Followup-to: line in the header, since some people might miss part of the valuable discussion in the fringe groups.
Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.
Never invest your money in anything that eats or needs repainting.
Never keep up with the Joneses.
Never kick a man, unless he's down.
Never laugh at live dragons, Bilbo you fool!
Never laugh at live dragons.
Never leave anything to chance; make sure all your crimes are premeditated.
Never leave the table hungry.
Never lend your car to anyone to whom you have given birth.
Never let someone who says it cannot be done interrupt the person who is doing it.
Never let your schooling interfere with your education.
Never let your sense of morals interfere with doing the right thing.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Never look a gift horse in the mouth.
Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
Never make any mistaeks.
Never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
Never mind, forget it!
Never mix whiskey with anything but water.
Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
Never open a box you didn't close.
Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.
Never play cards with a man named Doc.
Never play pool with anyone named Fats.
Never promise more than you can perform.
Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
Never put off till tomorrow what you can avoid all together.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do the day after.
Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today.
Never reveal your best argument.
Never say you know a man until you have divided an inheritance with him.
Never sleep with a woman whose troubles are worse than your own.
Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on that subject.
Never stow away on a kamikaze plane.
Never supposed to happen.
Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
Never tell people how to do things.
Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
Never test merely a subnet distribution when the whole net can be done.
Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.
Never trust a child farther than you can throw it.
Never trust a computer bigger than you can lift.
Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.
Never trust an automatic pistol or a D.
Never trust an operating system.
Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.
Never trust anyone who says money is no object.
Never try to draw to an inside straight.
Never try to explain computers to a layman.
Never try to outstubborn a cat.
Never try to teach a pig to sing.
Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
Never underestimate the power of a small tactical nuclear weapon.
Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
Never use it after a big meal.
Never use your thumb for a rule.
Never volunteer for anything.
Never worry about theory as long as the machinery does what it's supposed to do.
Never wouldn't ever do a binary.
Never write anything down that might go into a Pearl Harbor File.
Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're absolutely sure they'll never find out the truth.
Never, ever use repetitive redundancies.
New England Life, of course.
New Hampshire law forbids you to tap your feet, nod your head, or in any way keep time to the music in a tavern, restaurant, or cafe.
New Jersey had first choice.
New Jersey the most toxic waste dumps?
New Year's Eve is the time of year when a man most feels his age, and his wife most often reminds him to act it.
New York Area Skeptics, Inc.
New York Times food critic Mimi Sheraton says The kosher dill really changed my life.
New York is a jungle, they tell you.
New York now leads the world's great cities in the number of people around whom you shouldn't make a sudden move.
New York sent out his ten copies and within a month had enough hardware and software to build a Cray dedicated to playing Zork.
New York's got the ways and means; Just won't let you be.
New Yorkerese for expensive.
New members are urgently needed in the Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Yourself.
New mother picks up and suckles her son.
New systems generate new problems.
Newark, and you must pay thousands of dollars if you want to fly back out.
Newell has now tossed 5 shutouts this quarter.
News about the release had been leaked by a German hacker group, Harmonious Hardware Hackers, who had cracked into the author's computer earlier in the week.
Next Friday will not be your lucky day.
Next best is a sysop who is loved.
Next contestant, please.
Next day he was buried I'm close, he muttered.
Next to being shot at and missed, nothing is really quite as satisfying as an income tax refund.
Next to burying bones, the thing a dog enjoys mosts is tripping joggers.
Next, his name is Polish sounding.
Next, one who is feared.
Next, the Governor sought the advice of Hakuin, crying: As our enemies bear down upon us, how shall I, with such heartless and callow soldiers as I am heir to, hope to withstand the impending onslaught?
Next, the arrival of voodoo optico transmitigational magneto killer paramecium, capable of teleporting from cable to cable, screen to screen, ear to ear and hoof to mouth.
Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool.
Nicaraguan economist Francisco Mayorga, who holds a doctorate from Yale.
Nice Guy, They say He's sick, he's obscene.
Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
Nice guys don't always finish last; sometimes they don't finish.
Nice guys don't finish nice.
Nice guys finish last, but we get to sleep in.
Nice guys finish last.
Nice try anyway, George.
Nietzsche is pietzsche, but Schiller is killer, and Goethe is moethe.
Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again.
Night is here so I must close.
Night passed into morning.
Night under Night is flown, and the Gate is open!
Nihilism should commence with oneself.
Nine megs for the secretaries fair, Seven megs for the hackers scarce, Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs, Three megs for system source; One disk to rule them all, One disk to bind them, One disk to hold the files And in the darkness grind 'em.
Nine months later, they were blessed with a healthy baby son.
Nine years of ballet, asshole.
Ninety percent of baseball is half mental.
Ninety percent of everything is crap.
Ninety percent of the time things turn out worse than you thought they would.
Ninety percent of the time things will turn out worse than you expect.
Nip out the back door.
Nitwit ideas are for emergencies.
No Barrymore would allow such a conventional thing to happen to him.
No Civil War picture ever made a nickel.
No How about: Would you like to take something?
No Reader Service No.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
No action is without side-effects.
No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.
No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
No animal should ever jump on the dining room furniture unless absolutely certain he can hold his own in conversation.
No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
No cat has eight tails.
No change in management can harm him.
No character, however upright, is a match for constantly reiterated attacks, however false.
No child throws up in the bathroom.
No computer can handle that kind of stress,'' explained the mourning sunsite manager, Erik Troan.
No country should be so long without one.
No cute baby in a carriage is ever a girl when called one.
No dark bit-flipping for debugging Hey!
No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon lectures which are really worth the attending.
No discussion of fifth appendage!
No doubt it has something to do with a deep-seated personality defect, or maybe a kink in whatever blood vessel leads into the pineal gland.
No evil can happen to a good man.
No excellent soul is exempt from a mixture of madness.
No excuse for laying off work.
No extensible language will be universal.
No female shall appear in a bathing suit at any airport in this State unless she is escorted by two officers or unless she is armed with a club.
No friendship is so cordial or so delicious as that of girl for girl; no hatred so intense or immovable as that of woman for woman.
No good deed goes unpunished.
No great effort was ever bought.
No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large.
No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that he will not become a nuisance after three days.
No hardware designer should be allowed to produce any piece of hardware until three software guys have signed off for it.
No house is childproofed unless the little darlings are in straitjackets.
No house should ever be on any hill or on anything.
No job too big; no fee too big!
No justice, please, curse ye!
No link edit for external bindings Hey!
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.
No live poultry, please.
No man can have a reasonable opinion of women until he has long lost interest in hair restorers.
No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.
No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
No man is useless who has a friend, and if we are loved we are indispensable.
No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
No man's ambition has a right to stand in the way of performing a simple act of justice.
No manual is ever necessary.
No matter how assured we may be about certain aspects of our belief, there are always painful inconsistencies, exceptions, and contradictions.
No matter how cynical you get, it's impossible to keep up.
No matter how old a mother is, she watches her middle-aged children for signs of improvement.
No matter how small-ish!
No matter how subtle the wizard, a knife in the shoulder blades will seriously cramp his style.
No matter how you arrange the statements, you can't make a syntax error.
No matter what goes wrong, it will probably look right.
No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.
No matter what other nations may say about the United States, immigration is still the sincerest form of flattery.
No matter what the result someone is always eager to misinterpret it.
No matter where I go, the place is always called here.
No matter where you go, there you are.
No matter where you manage to sit, The man in the balcony will certainly spit.
No matter whether th' constitution follows th' flag or not, th' supreme court follows th' iliction returns.
No matter which way you ride, it's uphill and against the wind.
No matter who you are, some scholar can show you the great idea you had was had by someone before you.
No more blah, blah, blah!
No one becomes depraved in a moment.
No one believed him, and they proceeded to place bets against the dog.
No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
No one can guarantee the actions of another.
No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a dirty little beast.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
No one can put you down without your full cooperation.
No one consulted with me or considered my feelings in this matter.
No one else in town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
No one ever dies there.
No one ever expects anything drinkable to be in a bottle which has a candle stuck in its neck.
No one gets sick on Wednesdays.
No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid.
No one has Rights, neither machines nor flesh-and-blood.
No one has ever done it.
No one is fit to be trusted with power.
No one knows like a woman how to say things that are at once gentle and deep.
No one knows what he can do till he tries.
No one knows what the screwdriver is supposed to gain from this.
No one may kill a man.
No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the one who's giving it.
No one talks peace unless he's ready to back it up with war.
No one will have the remotest idea of what you're talking about, says Broughton, but the important thing is that they're not about to admit it.
No one will publish such rubbish!
No other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years.
No other warranty expressed or implied.
No painting, no music, no poem, no cathedral in stone, no church, no state was ever raised into being for payment of any kind.
No part of this message may reproduce, store itself in a retrieval system, or transmit disease, in any form, without the permissiveness of the author.
No parthenon, no Thermopylae was ever built or fought for pay or glory; no Bukhara sacked, or China ground beneath Mongol heel, for loot or power alone.
No pig should go sky diving during monsoon For this isn't really the norm.
No pig should go sky diving during monsoon, It's risky enough when the weather is fine.
No poet ever interpreted nature as freely as a lawyer interprets truth.
No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe their wish has been granted.
No problem is insoluble in all conceivable circumstances.
No problem is insoluble.
No problem is so formidable that you can't just walk away from it.
No problem is so formidable that you can't walk away from it.
No problem is so large it can't be fit in somewhere.
No problem, he said, throwing a brick through the window and grabbing the coat.
No problem, her companion replied, throwing a brick through the window and grabbing the ring.
No problem, just post your message to a group that a lot of people read.
No program is perfect, They said with a shrug.
No provision for adjustment.
No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.
No rock so hard but that a little wave May beat admission in a thousand years.
No self-made man ever did such a good job that some woman didn't want to make some alterations.
No self-respecting fish would want to be wrapped in that kind of paper.
No sentence fragments.
No serious person will buy the notion that our lives are influenced individually by the movement of distant planets.
No sir, exclaimed the senior, but I sure was afraid that durned lawyer was gonna ask me if my lantern was lit.
No skis take rocks like rental skis!
No small art is it to sleep: it is necessary for that purpose to keep awake all day.
No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
No sooner had Edger Allen Poe Finished his old Raven, then he started his Old Crow.
No spitting on the Bus!
No such faith comforts the software engineer.
No time to lose, so certainly don't wait a day, or check to see if somebody else has made the correction.
No two persons ever read the same book.
No user-servicable parts inside.
No user-serviceable parts inside.
No wait, the Bash man page IS the bible.
No watch parts or anything.
No woman can call herself free until she can choose consciously whether she will or will not be a mother.
No woman can endure a gambling husband, unless he is a steady winner.
No woman ever falls in love with a man unless she has a better opinion of him than he deserves.
No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo.
No wonder you're tired!
No yak too dirty; no dumpster too hollow.
No, I don't have a drinking problem.
No, I know they're stolen, cried Florence.
No, I said he was shot in the lumbar region.
No, I'm a frayed knot.
No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain.
No, but I have a strange feeling that someday I will.
No, don't force it, get a bigger hammer.
No, he won't catch me, stupid ol' Slithery Dee.
No, his mind is not for rent To any god or government.
No, my friend, the way to have good and safe government, is not to trust it all to one, but to divide it among the many, distributing to every one exactly the functions he is competent to.
No, no, I don't mind being called the smartest man in the world.
No, no, he said: if I did, where should I have to spend my evenings?
No, no, my dear, said the president sleepily, in the Senate maybe, but not in the House.
No, not Richard Stallman, or Linus Torvalds, but God.
No, replied the petitioner, I wish you to create something that would justify them.
No, thank you, I don't want to be under obligation.
No, thank you, replied the gentleman.
No, thanks, smiled the young mother, I'm just looking for a name for my baby.
No, that's giving up.
No, the ability to get hung up on them.
No, the neighbors fled inland hours ago.
No, they're spiteful, Even our old friends put us down.
No, those are on my back, Colletti answered.
No, too stupid a fad.
No, you are all the letter we need, a letter written on your heart; any man can see it for what it is and read it for himself.
No, you don't understand, the Knight said, looking a little vexed.
No, you oughtn't: that's quite another thing!
No-one would remember the Good Samaritan if he had only had good intentions.
Noah asks, Want to tell me how the trees helped?
Noah checks on the snakes again.
Noah decides to check up on the animals.
Noah follows their advice.
Noah lets all the animals out.
Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
Nobody can be exactly like me.
Nobody can give anybody enough.
Nobody did anything to the films; they just had a bad experience.
Nobody else has documentation.
Nobody ever died from oven crude poisoning.
Nobody ever empties the ashtrays.
Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
Nobody ever ruined their eyesight by looking at the bright side of something.
Nobody grows old by merely living a number of years; people grow old only by deserting their ideals.
Nobody has to stand up for it, nobody has to listen to it, and, even better, nobody has to play it.
Nobody is one block of harmony.
Nobody knows anybody else's name; just the number in case it gets so bad you can't handle it alone.
Nobody knows the trouble I've been.
Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
Nobody knows what goes on in these places.
Nobody living can ever stop me, As I go walking that freedom highway; Nobody living can ever make me turn back, This land was made for you and me.
Nobody really knows what happiness is, until they're married.
Nobody really understands it.
Nobody said computers were going to be polite.
Nobody suffers the pain of birth or the anguish of loving a child in order for presidents to make wars, for governments to feed on the substance of their people, for insurance companies to cheat the young and rob the old.
Nobody takes a bribe.
Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens will ever be able to fit on a single planet.
Nobody wants constructive criticism.
Nobody whom you ask for help will see it.
Nobody will see the stuff again.
Nobody's cut the grass in months.
Nobody's ever found any validity to it at all.
Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start coming in late and lying about it.
Noise proves nothing.
Non-Determinism is not meant to be reasonable.
Non-sequiturs make me eat lampshades.
Noncombatant: A dead Quaker.
Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.
None has ever caught him yet, for Tom, he is the master: His songs are stronger songs, and his feet are faster.
None love the bearer of bad news.
None of our men are experts.
None of the animals turned into oil, although most of the laboratory rats developed cancer.
None of us are here to answer the phone and the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible.
None: The lightbulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
Noone ever built a statue to a critic.
Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.
Nor could storm or wind uproot him.
Nor did they detect any of the spades, chisels, water hoses and electric drills amassed by the inmates in large quantities.
Nor does Walter's horse is a thing which could have wings conversely imply It could be that Walter's horse has wings; for it might be that Walter's horse could only have wings by not being Walter's horse.
Nor have we wood for a coffin.
Nor shall I be passing Old Man Willow's house this side of spring-time, not till the merry spring, when the River-daughter dances down the withy-path to bathe in the water.
Norbert Weiner was the subject of many dotty professor stories.
Normal times may possibly be over forever.
Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other reason than self-protection.
North Pacific, South Pacific.
North of the South End is East Boston and southwest of East Boston is the North End.
Nostalgia is living life in the past lane.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none.
Not a program was working not even a browse.
Not all men who drink are poets.
Not all who own a harp are harpers.
Not at all like proper children, which is always very slow; For he sometimes shoots up taller, like an india-rubber ball, And he sometimes gets so little that there's none of him at all.
Not by killing others.
Not compatible with previous version.
Not enough dough,'' says the author, although spokesmen at both Prentice-Hall and Playboy, Inc.
Not even if your wedding ring falls in there.
Not every problem someone has with his girlfriend is necessarily due to the capitalist mode of production.
Not every question deserves an answer.
Not everyone makes the same assumptions.
Not everything worth doing is worth doing well.
Not firmly convinced about the caller's claim to sobriety, members of the constabulary drove to the scene, expecting to pick up a drunk.
Not if you love your wife.
Not in any mean or military sense; we didn't need that.
Not in this dreadful dry desert!
Not one hundred percent efficient, of course.
Not only do the schools and the media not teach much skepticism, there is also little encouragement of this stirring sense of wonder.
Not only does the bond between man and man come to be forged once again by the magic of the Dionysian rite, but alienated, hostile, or subjugated nature again celebrates her reconciliation with her prodigal son, man.
Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends.
Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
Not only is it inexpensive, but it also has a great safety feature not found in the so-called quality tools sets: The handle will actually break right off if you accidentally hit yourself or anything else, or expose it to direct sunlight.
Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
Not reporting such income can lead to prosecution for perjury and fraud.
Not responsible for direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages resulting from any defect, error or failure to perform.
Not so, said the programmer, when designing an accounting package, the programmer operates as a mediator between people having different ideas: how it must operate, how its reports must appear, and how it must conform to the tax laws.
Not that long ago, it was Reagan's support of Creationism.
Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but.
Not to be loved; never to have shown love.
Not to be outdone, the computer science student comes along and says Well, you two sort've got the right idea, but you'll end up taking too long!
Not to laugh, not to lament, not to curse, but to understand.
Not to me, the husband may reply.
Not to mention its gender.
Not to mention, butterfly would be flutterby.
Not too bad, replied Diogenes.
Not too well, said the expectant mother.
Not wanting to miss any of the first inning, he went to the ticket booth and got in a long line for another seat.
Note that for 360 compatibility, all input lines are truncated to 80 characters.
Note the use of exclamation points!
Note, however, that virgins tend to know a lot about computers.
Note: The converse of Pudder's law is not true.
Notes for a ballet, The Spell:.
Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
Nothing but a partial and limited view of the question could lead to the opinion that harm can result: if there be harm, it will be much more than counterbalanced by good.
Nothing can be better.
Nothing can be done in one trip.
Nothing can lift those seven milestones from man's neck but money; and the spirit cannot soar until the milestones are lifted.
Nothing cheers a woman more, I am afraid, than the proof that another woman is letting herself go, or has lost control of her figure, or is clearly driving her husband crazy, or is obviously drinking more than is good for her, or still doesn't know what to wear.
Nothing cures insomnia like the realization that it's time to get up.
Nothing else seems to work.
Nothing endures but change.
Nothing ever becomes real until it is experienced.
Nothing ever gets built on schedule or within budget.
Nothing ever goes away.
Nothing ever ran this slow before.
Nothing in any existing court was ever more thoroughly proved than the charges of witchcraft and sorcery for which so many suffered death.
Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
Nothing in life is to be feared.
Nothing in progression can rest on its original plan.
Nothing in the known universe travels faster than a bad check.
Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses.
Nothing is as easy as it looks.
Nothing is as inevitable as a mistake whose time has come.
Nothing is but what is not.
Nothing is easier than to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult than to understand him.
Nothing is ever a complete failure.
Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.
Nothing is ever accomplished by a reasonable man.
Nothing is faster than the speed of light.
Nothing is finished until the paperwork is done.
Nothing is illegal if one hundred businessmen decide to do it.
Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do it himself.
Nothing is impossible for the man who will not listen to reason.
Nothing is more admirable than the fortitude with which millionaires tolerate the disadvantages of their wealth.
Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature.
Nothing is so firmly believed as that which we least know.
Nothing is so good that somebody, somewhere, will not hate it.
Nothing is so often irretrievably missed as a daily opportunity.
Nothing lasts forever.
Nothing makes a person more productive than the last minute.
Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner.
Nothing matters very much, and few things matter at all.
Nothing motivates a man more than to see his boss put in an honest day's work.
Nothing recedes like success.
Nothing shortens a journey so pleasantly as an account of misfortunes at which the hearer is permitted to laugh.
Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
Nothing succeeds like excess.
Nothing succeeds like success.
Nothing succeeds like the appearance of success.
Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
Nothing that's forced can ever be right, If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
Nothing will dispel enthusiasm like a small admission fee.
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must be first overcome.
Nothing, for he didn't recognize them.
Nothing, nothing, nothing, no error, no crime is so absolutely repugnant to God as everything which is official; and why?
Notice I say shop for, as opposed to obtain.
Noting that the local penguins are fascinated by airplanes, the pilots search out a beach where the birds are gathered and fly slowly along it at the water's edge.
Notwithstanding cold and hounds and traps, his race survives.
November 23, 1915 Pancake make-up is invented; most people continue to prefer syrup.
Now Africa is full of big game.
Now I don't blame him 'cause he ran and hid, But the meanest thing that he ever did, Was before he left he went and named me Sue.
Now I had improved the program to the point where it would not run at all.
Now I have a promising future and make really big Zorkmids.
Now I know someone out there is going to claim, Well then, UNIX is intuitive, because you only need to learn 5000 commands, and then everything else follows from that!
Now I know what those doctors were wearing masks for.
Now I lay me back to sleep.
Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the double lock will keep; May no brick through the window break, And, no one rob me till I awake.
Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep, If I should die before I wake, I'll cry in anguish, Mistake!
Now I lay me down to study, I pray the Lord I won't go nutty.
Now I love the stuff.
Now I tell you, I've fought tougher men, But I really can't remember when: He kicked like a mule and he bit like a crocodile.
Now I understand the meaning of THE MOD SQUAD!
Now I was heading, in my hot cage, down towards meat-market country on the tip of the West Village.
Now I'm beginning to believe it.
Now I'm concentrating on a specific tank battle toward the end of World War II!
Now I'm remembering, those giant piles of computer magazines right next to People and Time in the airport store.
Now I've got the bead on you with MY disintegrating gun.
Now all you have to do is bend a disk.
Now and then an innocent man is sent to the legislature.
Now are you satisfied?
Now begin thy magic spell!
Now blow this thing so we can all go home.
Now crystal clear are the falling waters, And bonnie blue are the sunny skies.
Now doesn't gay shlafen have a softer, more soothing sound than the harsh, staccato go to sleep?
Now every Tom, Dick and Harry will get pregnant.
Now everyone's doing it.
Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with eager feet, Until it joins some larger way Where many paths and errands meet.
Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure; Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
Now he is a tinpot pope in the Coca-Cola belt and a brother to the forlorn pastors who belabor halfwits in galvanized iron tabernacles behind the railroad yards.
Now here's something you're really going to like!
Now is the time for all good men to come to.
Now is the time for drinking; now the time to beat the earth with unfettered foot.
Now is the time for senseless bickering.
Now it looks like I'm the only one moving.
Now it may interest you to know that there are 11,998 people in jail, so that leaves just 2 people to carry the load.
Now it's all designed, to blow our minds, But our minds won't be really be blown; Like the blow that'll get'cha, when you get your picture, On the cover of the Rolling Stone.
Now it's chrono- logically experienced citizens.
Now it's time to say goodbye To all our company.
Now let me get this right: two prisoners are looking out the window.
Now let the fun begin!
Now let the song begin!
Now look what you've gone and done!
Now my car goes 500 miles an hour.
Now no matter, child, the name Sorrow's springs are the same: It is the blight man was born for, It is Margaret you mourn for.
Now of my threescore years and ten, Twenty will not come again, And take from seventy springs a score, It leaves me only fifty more.
Now select a large mixing bowl, measuring cup, etc.
Now that day wearies me, My yearning desire Will receive more kindly, Like a tired child, the starry night.
Now that should be a sufficiently long time for astrologers to prove their case.
Now that you've read Fortune's diet truths, you'll be prepared the next time some housewife or boutique-owner-turned-diet-expert appears on TV to plug her latest book.
Now that's good journalism.
Now the lobby chairs are soft, With no place to go.
Now the skilful workman is very careful indeed as to what he takes into his brain-attic.
Now there are ten thousand languages.
Now there's a violent movie titled, The Croquet Homicide, or Murder With Mallets Aforethought.
Now there's three things you can do in a baseball game: you can win or you can lose or it can rain.
Now this is a totally brain damaged algorithm.
Now this man in 213 has about a week to live.
Now to show this for the general case, suppose that somewhere, there is a horse that has a finite number of legs.
Now we can become alcoholics!
Now we had runners at second and third.
Now what happens when the panic-stricken operator realizes he was running the wrong version of the gateway which was giving out the wrong network number?
Now what would they do if I just sailed away?
Now when I call him he ignores me and just keeps on typing.
Now when I drive at night, it looks like everyone else is standing still.
Now when I feel aroused by a civil rights case or a passport hearing.
Now when they forget the root password, you can easily login as an ordinary user and correct the damage.
Now whip them to maintain a constant pace and rhythm as they stand in even staves.
Now why didn't I think of that?
Now with what I learned at MIT Tech I feel really important and can obfuscate and confuse with the best.
Now withered lay the hemlock-sheaves, And one by one with sighing sound Whispering fell the beechen leaves In the wintry woodland wavering.
Now you want these free lessons or what?
Now you'll be be expected to throw another party next year.
Now, I am the master.
Now, I knew that snake was my own sweet Dad, From a wornout picture that my Mother had, And I knew that scar on his cheek and his evil eye.
Now, if they'd only take a bath.
Now, it is not only necessary to do the right thing, but to do it in the right way and the only problem you have is what is the right thing to do and what is the right way to do it.
Now, let's SEND OUT for QUICHE!
Now, now, my dear, replied her husband, keep your balance and reflux a moment.
Now, said the president, would you mind telling me why you couldn't have signed earlier?
Now, sir, we'll talk if you like.
Now, this dog is for sale, and she can not only follow a trail twice as old as the average dog can, but she's got a pretty good memory to boot.
Now, this dog is for sale.
Now, what affects it?
Now, whenever he flies, he carries a bomb with him.
Nowadays it insists on it.
Nowhere in the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines, and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
Noxious substances from which modern foods are made.
Nuclear powered vacuuum cleaners will probably be a reality within 10 years.
Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile.
Nuclear war would mean abolition of most comforts, and disruption of normal routines, for children and adults alike.
Nuclear war would really set back cable.
Nudists are people who wear one-button suits.
Nullifying centuries of progress.
Nullum magnum ingenium sine mixtura dementiae fuit.
Numeric stability is probably not all that important when you're guessing.
Nurture some mutual funds to shield you in times of sudden layoffs.
O Canada we stand on guard for thee Thank you.
O Light to us that wander here Amid the world of woven trees!
O Lord, grant that we may always be right, for Thou knowest we will never change our minds.
O Queen beyond the Western Sea!
O board from the card cage, comes a new experience in sound: 5.
O clearer than clear water!
O give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, Where the deer and the antelope play, Where seldom is heard A discouraging word, 'Cause what can an antelope say?
O imitators, you slavish herd!
O is for od, which prints out things nice, while P is for passwd, which reads in strings twice.
O love, could thou and I with fate conspire To grasp this sorry scheme of things entire, Might we not smash it to bits And mould it closer to our hearts' desire?
O reed by the living pool!
O slender as a willow-wand!
O spring-time and summer-time, and spring again after!
O stars that in the Sunless Year With shining hand by her were sown, In windy fields now bright and clear We see you silver blossom blown!
O wind on the waterfall, and the leaves' laughter!
O wondrous web of mystery!
O'Brien held up his left hand, its back toward Winston, with the thumb hidden and the four fingers extended.
O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
O'er the ramparts we watched were so gallantly streaming?
O, it is excellent To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous To use it like a giant.
OK, Coach, the player replied, and was off.
OK, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard.
OK, says the clerk, writing it down, how long you want 'em?
ONE can't, perhaps, said Humpty Dumpty; but TWO can.
Objects are lost only because people look where they are not rather than where they are.
Objects in mirror are closer than they appear.
Oblivion together does not frighten me, beloved.
Obscurity is of value only when it tends to clarify the poetic experience.
Observe the ass, for instance: his character is about perfect, he is the choicest spirit among all the humbler animals, yet see what ridicule has brought him to.
Observe yon plumed biped fine.
Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
Obviously the only rational solution to your problem is suicide.
Obviously the subject of death was in the air, but more as something to be avoided than harped upon.
Obviously wrong; cretinous; demented.
Obviously you do not know the difference between courage and foolhardiness.
Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred.
Obviously, a man's judgement cannot be better than the information on which he has based it.
Occasionaly documented.
Octo-puss 365 Days of drinking Lo-Cal beer.
October 12, the Discovery.
Odets, where is thy sting?
Oedipus, Shmoedipus, I just love Mom.
Of all divers, thou has dived the deepest.
Of all forms of caution, caution in love is the most fatal.
Of all men's miseries, the bitterest is this: to know so much and have control over nothing.
Of all possible committee reactions to any given agenda item, the reaction that will occur is the one which will liberate the greatest amount of hot air.
Of all the animals, the boy is the most unmanageable.
Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst.
Of all the words of witch's doom There's none so bad as which and whom.
Of beauty rich and rare.
Of course at Christmas if you happen to hold out your hat and somebody happens to put a little something in it, well, that's different.
Of course he only seems to lack the knowledge ladled out daily in high schools.
Of course he was ecstatic.
Of course it's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.
Of course it's the murder weapon.
Of course it's wrong!
Of course not, said a sympathetic friend.
Of course our reader can always go back to Tibet and take his pictures all over again, using the twelve replacement rolls Kodak so generously sent him.
Of course power tools and alcohol don't mix.
Of course there's no reason for it, it's just our policy.
Of course we should interfere!
Of course you can't flap your arms and fly to the moon.
Of course, beer is my life.
Of course, if Lucas were to design and manufacture nuclear weapons, World War III would never get off the ground.
Of course, it would orbit Sputnik, not Earth!
Of course, no one knows what dinosaurs smelled like, but Exxon has decided they smelled bad.
Of course, scientists make mistakes in trying to understand the world, but there is a built-in error-correcting mechanism: The collective enterprise of creative thinking and skeptical thinking together keeps the field on track.
Of course, the same can be said of dirt.
Of course, this will not stop him from entering the 10-items-or-less lane.
Of him the harpers sadly sing: the last whose realm was fair and free between the Mountains and the Sea.
Of hunger and thirst With core dumps, source listings.
Of thought is death, Am not I A fly like thee?
Off the record, God has stated that If I had wanted to ice the little toad, I would have done it a long time ago.
Off-screen crowd: Norm!
Officer, what led you to believe the defendant was under the influence?
Official Parking Lot of the 1984 Olympics!
Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
Often their hash table was bare.
Often things ARE as bad as they seem!
Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.
Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD?
Oh Spot, the complex levels of behavior you display Connote a fairly well-developed cognitive array.
Oh dear, I think you'll find reality's on the blink again.
Oh dear, you seem to have gotten yourself killed, as well.
Oh give me your pity!
Oh no, cried The Head, not another HAT!
Oh wearisome condition of humanity!
Oh what a tangled web we weave, when first we practice to deceive.
Oh what wouldn't I give to be spat at in the face.
Oh yeah, it's a million yuks, sure.
Oh yeah, say the the heroes, why don't you.
Oh, 'Melia, my dear, this does everything crown!
Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid.
Oh, I have a three point eight, so I'm much more attracted to the strong academic types than to the dumb party animals, she said.
Oh, I have had my moments and, if I had it to do over again, I'd have more of them.
Oh, I know it's full of letters printed on paper, but all the same, something must be happening, because as soon as I open it, there's a whole story with people I don't know yet and all kinds of adventures and battles.
Oh, I sure wish that I, Had a couple of bits more!
Oh, I'd hate to see the grindstone.
Oh, I've seen fire and I've seen rain, I've seen sunny days that I thought would never end, I've seen lonely times when I could not find a friend, But I always thought that I'd see you again.
Oh, Maggie, I wish I'd never seen your face.
Oh, a girl, she'd not forget him.
Oh, among some poor souls, including even intellectuals in fields of high scholarship, science is frequently misperceived.
Oh, and have a nice day!
Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
Oh, didn't you know I'd been ruined?
Oh, do not ask, What is it?
Oh, don't be such a baby!
Oh, give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.
Oh, gloom, despair and agony on me.
Oh, he didn't hurt them.
Oh, how do I know my youth is all spent?
Oh, how peaceful it'll be!
Oh, let us never, never doubt What nobody is sure about.
Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song, A medley of extemporanea; And love is thing that can never go wrong; And I am Marie of Roumania.
Oh, never mind, the disappointed salesman said.
Oh, no, says the patient.
Oh, say the wizards, if we're going to be like that, then, what about all those studded collars and oiled muscles down at the Young Men's Pagan Association?
Oh, says the friend, I'm doing great!
Oh, she was a hacker and he was one, too, They had so much in common, you'd say.
Oh, so there you are!
Oh, so you don't like it?
Oh, somewhere between an American Bald Eagle and a Trumpeter Swan.
Oh, tell me that I may sponge away the writing on this stone!
Oh, that bright day in the dead of night, Two dead men got up to fight.
Oh, that sound of male ego.
Oh, that's the name of the song, is it?
Oh, the Slithery Dee, he crawled out of the sea.
Oh, those Santraginean fish!
Oh, tidings of comfort and joy.
Oh, we've already bought them, but we haven't told anyone yet.
Oh, well, I guess this is just going to be one of those lifetimes.
Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
Ok, meet me at one a.
Okay, Bobby said, getting the hang of it, then what's the matrix?
Okay, okay, say two for seven dollars.
Okay, says the producer, give me a call when he leaves.
Okay, then there are four groups.
Okay, you can send mail to one of the tutors.
Okra tastes slightly worse than its name implies.
Old Barlow was a crossing-tender at a junction where an express train demolished an automobile and its occupants.
Old Grandad is dead but his spirits live on.
Old MacDonald had a carburetor, answered the Kansan.
Old MacDonald had a farm, said the Iowan.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
Old Mother Hubbard lived in a shoe, She had so many children, She didn't know what to do.
Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard To fetch her poor daughter a dress.
Old Silurian Period the Mississippi River was upward of one million three hundred thousand miles long.
Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.
Old Tom Bombadil is a merry fellow, Bright blue his jacket is, and his boots are yellow.
Old Tom Bombadil water-lilies bringing Comes hopping home again.
Old Troll laughed, when he heard Tom groan, And he knew his toes could feel it.
Old age and treachery will beat youth and skill every time.
Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.
Old age is always fifteen years old than I am.
Old age is the harbor of all ills.
Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.
Old mail has arrived.
Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability to set a bad example.
Old musicians never die, they just decompose.
Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.
Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.
Old soldiers never die.
Old-world software cruftsmanship at its finest.
Olympic wrestling team.
On Friday morning her husband snarled, How now, ground cow?
On Functions Complete!
On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are created jerks.
On November 13, Felix Unger was asked to remove himself from his place of residence.
On USENET, this is known as a summary.
On a clear disk you can seek forever.
On a morning bright and clear.
On a morning from a Bogart movie, in a country where they turned back time, You go strolling through the crowd like Peter Lorre contemplating a crime.
On a normal ascii line, the only safe condition to detect is a 'BREAK' - everything else having been assigned functions by Gnu EMACS.
On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague: This isn't right.
On a scale of 1 to 10 I'd say.
On a tous un peu peur de l'amour, mais on a surtout peur de souffrir ou de faire souffrir.
On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does.
On any ball hit to center field, let's just let it roll to see if it might go foul.
On autopilot to oblivion.
On every golden scale!
On one end hangs a monkey holding a banana, and on the other end a weight equal to the weight of the monkey.
On our campus the UNIX system has proved to be not only an effective software tool, but an agent of technical and social change within the University.
On page 14, Hadamard is discussing Poincare's theory of fuchsian groups and fuchsian functions, which he describes as.
On second thought, I'd rather dance with the cows till you come home.
On that famous thoroughfare, with their noses in the air, High hats and Arrow collars, white spats and lots of dollars, Spending every dime, for a wonderful time.
On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog.
On the back it said: Wish you were here.
On the bill was an American inventor with his wonder machine for removing dust from carpets.
On the contrary, if the affair is out in the open, then on Friday evenings he may tell his wife that he is going to see his mistress, tell his mistress that he is going to be with his wife, then go to his office and get some work done!
On the deep and dark blue sea.
On the defensive side, Yale boasts the stingiest line in the Ivies.
On the final day of the trade show, the guard could restrain his curiosity no longer.
On the first floor, there is a convention of architects.
On the good ship Enterprise Every week there's a new surprise Where the Romulans lurk And the Klingons often go berserk.
On the next day of the trade show, the man returned and chided the guard saying: I escaped with a vast booty yesterday, but today will be even better.
On the night an excited audience gathered.
On the night before her family moved from Kansas to California, the little girl knelt by her bed to say her prayers.
On the other hand people my age are so much older than I am.
On the other hand, I respect and envy the people who get inspiration from their religions.
On the other hand, don't count on it.
On the other hand, if I hit you over the head with a brick, that is also a psychological interaction.
On the other hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out.
On the other hand, the TCP camp also has a phrase for OSI people.
On the other hand, who could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a nanocentury.
On the poison they're exuding.
On the road, ZIPPY is a pinhead without a purpose, but never without a POINT.
On the second day of my fall semester, I got up.
On the second floor, there is a vinyl manufacturing plant.
On the subject of C program indentation: In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt.
On the third day of my fall semester, I got up.
On the third floor there is a fast food stand, and on the fourth floor there is a library.
On the way out of the chapel, however, Harold was fatally struck by lightning.
On the way to his retirement lunch, he discovered the programmer asleep at his terminal.
On the way to town, Hakuin was greeted by an itinerant monk imbued with the spirit of the morning.
On the whole, I'd rather be in Philadelphia.
On this fine moonlit night, some horrible persona has been jabbing away at, dragging magnets over, and surging these voodoo boxen.
On this morning in August when I was 13, my mother sent us out pick tomatoes.
On this point we want to be perfectly clear: socialism has nothing to do with equalizing.
Once I finally figured out all of life's answers, they changed the questions.
Once a woman has given you her heart you can never get rid of the rest of her.
Once a word has been allowed to escape, it cannot be recalled.
Once again a student did not receive a single point on his exam.
Once again dread deed is done.
Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, I predict, Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease.
Once harm has been done, even a fool understands it.
Once he had one leg in the White House and the nation trembled under his roars.
Once is happenstance, Twice is coincidence, Three times is enemy action.
Once it hits the fan, the only rational choice is to sweep it up, package it, and sell it as fertilizer.
Once picked it needs a dark dusty drawer in which it can lie undisturbed for years.
Once punched out, we have a right to complain about atrocities, missing bazingas, and such.
Once separation and disposal have been achieved, the party of the first part shall have the option of beginning installation.
Once someone has sunk to that level, what worse can you say about them?
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue to exist, a wonderful living side by side can grow up, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see each other whole against the sky.
Once the toothpaste is out of the tube, it's hard to get it back in.
Once there lived a village of creatures along the bottom of a great crystal river.
Once there was a marine biologist who loved dolphins.
Once there was this conductor see, who had a bass problem.
Once they go up, who cares where they come down?
Once this begins, its rate is a matter of discretion.
Once upon a time there was a DOS user who saw Unix, and saw that it was good.
Once upon a time there was a beautiful young girl taking a stroll through the woods.
Once upon a time there was a kingdom ruled by a great bear.
Once upon a time there were three brothers who were knights in a certain kingdom.
Once upon a time, when I was training to be a mathematician, a group of us bright young students taking number theory discovered the names of the smaller prime numbers.
Once upon this midnight incoherent, While you pondered sentient and crystalline, Over many a broken and subordinate Volume of gnarly lore, While I pestered, nearly singing, Sudddenly there came a hewing, As of someone profusely skulking, Skulking at my chamber door.
Once you can be sold the myth that you may make president of the company you'll hardly ever steal stamps.
Once you can fake that, you've got it made.
Once you've got your network number, you start using it and before you can blink you've got it wired into fifteen different sockets spread all over creation.
Once you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.
Once you've tried to change the world you find it's a whole bunch easier to change your mind.
Once your reputation's done You can live a life of fun.
Once, I did an informal survey of 42 shops that used pseudocode.
Once, I read that a man be never stronger than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
Once, there was NO fun.
Once, when the secrets of science were the jealously guarded property of a small priesthood, the common man had no hope of mastering their arcane complexities.
Ond flyng him lic frisbe bac to fen.
One Bell System - it sometimes works.
One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!
One Bell System - it works.
One Ring to rule them all, One Ring to find them, One Ring to bring them all and in the darkness bind them In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
One Thousand Strong, They Become a Man-Eating Machine!
One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening.
One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative.
One big pile is better than two little piles.
One bright Sunday morning, in the shadows of the steeple, By the Relief Office, I seen my people; As they stood there hungry, I stood there whistling, This land was made for you and me.
One by one, the Mathematicians climbed out from under the rubble.
One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
One can search the brain with a microscope and not find the mind, and can search the stars with a telescope and not find God.
One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.
One cannot logically be a determinist in physics and biology, and a mystic in psychology.
One could not be a successful scientist without realizing that, in contrast to the popular conception supported by newspapers and mothers of scientists, a goodly number of scientists are not only narrow-minded and dull, but also just stupid.
One day I dropped the box all over the floor.
One day I got a call from a woman in France who said Cut it out!
One day I woke up and discovered that I was in love with tripe.
One day Jack's parent said to him, Our matrices are sparse.
One day Warburton returned home to find 55 of them charred beyond legibility.
One day Zarathud took his students to a pleasant pasture and there he confronted The Sacred Chao while She was contentedly grazing.
One day a fairly intelligent fly buzzed around above the web so long without lighting that the spider appeared and said, Come on down.
One day a student came to Moon and said, I understand how to make a better garbage collector.
One day he brought to Tortue a piece of string, and asked the same question.
One day it was announced that the young monk Kyogen had reached an enlightened state.
One day our minds became so powerful we dared think of ourselves as gods.
One day the King decided that he would force all his subjects to tell the truth.
One day they looked up in the heavens and desired to reach up as far as the eye could see.
One day this guy is finally fed up with his middle-class existence and decides to do something about it.
One day, about twenty years after the fateful birth, the woman got a phone call from another doctor.
One day, the aardvark reflected on the meaning of his life and his career and on the unchecked, catastrophic decline of his nation, its pathetic excuse for leadership, and the complete ineffectiveness of any personal effort he could make to change the status quo.
One difference between a man and a machine is that a machine is quiet when well oiled.
One does not thank logic.
One doesn't have a sense of humor.
One dusty July afternoon, somewhere around the turn of the century, Patrick Malone was in Mulcahey's Bar, bending an elbow with the other street car conductors from the Brooklyn Traction Company.
One elderly man, wondering at the sudden silence, turned to the Child and asked him to repeat what he had said.
One end is moo, the other, milk.
One entrusted by A with the secrets of B, confided to himself by C.
One evening he spoke.
One evening, emboldened by hunger, the feline attempted to follow Gabe through the back door.
One expresses well the love he does not feel.
One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
One father is more than a hundred schoolmasters.
One former student developed the concept of the personalized form letter.
One fortunate cookie.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
One gets sometimes such a flash of insight.
One gets such wholesome returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
One good crash deserves another.
One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
One good suit is worth a thousand resumes.
One good thing about music, Well, it helps you feel no pain.
One good turn asketh another.
One good turn deserves another.
One good turn usually gets most of the blanket.
One half of me's paranoid and the other half's out to get him.
One half of the weight of the monkey, plus the weight of the banana, is one forth as much as the weight of the weight and the weight of the rope.
One in a million, perhaps.
One is not born a woman, one becomes one.
One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious.
One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
One is on the shelf; someone has the others.
One lawyer can steal more than a hundred men with guns.
One learns to itch where one can scratch.
One leg is both the same.
One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
One man's Mede is another man's Persian.
One man's brain plus one other will produce one half as many ideas as one man would have produced alone.
One man's ceiling is another man's floor.
One man's constant is another man's variable.
One man's folly is another man's wife.
One man's magic is another man's engineering.
One man's simple is another man's huh?
One may be able to quibble about the quality of a single experiment, or about the veracity of a given experimenter, but, taking all the supportive experiments together, the weight of evidence is so strong as readily to merit a wise man's reflection.
One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
One meets his destiny often on the road he takes to avoid it.
One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability.
One monk said to the other, The fish has flopped out of the net!
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas, how he got in my pajamas, I don't know.
One morning when the child was five, while the husband was reading the paper, and the wife was feeding the dog, the little kid looks up from his bowl and said, My cereal's cold.
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
One night, the ship strikes some floating debris, and sinks without a trace.
One nuclear bomb can ruin your whole day.
One of its windshield wipers is broken, and the carburetor needs adjusting.
One of the advantages of being a captain is being able to ask for advice without necessarily having to take it.
One of the boxers is felled by a low blow.
One of the chief duties of the mathematician in acting as an advisor.
One of the disadvantages of having children is that they eventually get old enough to give you presents they make at school.
One of the few real novelties at Epcot is the use of smell to aggravate illusions.
One of the large consolations for experiencing anything unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
One of the lessons of history is that nothing is often a good thing to do and always a clever thing to say.
One of the men gets out and goes into the office.
One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they need no answer.
One of the problems I've always had with propaganda pamphlets is that they're real boring to look at.
One of the processes by which A acquires property for B.
One of the questions that comes up all the time is: How enthusiastic is our support for UNIX?
One of the rules of Busmanship, New York style, is never surrender your seat to another passenger.
One of the saddest lessons of history is this: If we've been bamboozled long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle.
One of the signs of Napoleon's greatness is the fact that he once had a publisher shot.
One of the tests to determine personality in our book was so incredibly useful and interesting, I just had to share it.
One of the three men says, I've got an idea.
One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.
One of them called out, Hey, Scotty!
One of them is woman's.
One of them said, So will you.
One of them was always getting pinned under the tractor, and Lassie was always rushing back to the farmhouse to alert the other ones.
One of them's my wife and the other's my mistress!
One of those processes is backwards, and I don't think it takes a Lucasian professor of physics at Oxford to figure out which.
One of us got traded to Kansas City.
One of your most ancient writers, a historian named Herodotus, tells of a thief who was to be executed.
One old enough to know better.
One organism, one vote.
One path leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction.
One person's error is another person's data.
One picture is worth 128K words.
One picture is worth more than ten thousand words.
One planet is all you get.
One possible reason that things aren't going according to plan is that there never was a plan in the first place.
One promising concept that I came up with right away was that you could manufacture personal air bags, then get a law passed requiring that they be installed on congressmen to keep them from taking trips.
One reason why George Washington Is held in such veneration: He never blamed his problems On the former Administration.
One said that the economy would turn up by the last quarter.
One says, This is old, and therefore good.
One seldom sees a monument to a committee.
One shot took effect in his forehead.
One should always be in love.
One slow day, he found that he had time to chat with the new entrants.
One small step for man, one giant stumble for mankind.
One soldier found a telephone and, using his credit card, called Ft.
One thing I like about the South is, folks there care about tradition.
One thing about Jim, the other said to the bartender, he sure knows when to stop.
One thing about the past.
One thing is that, unlike any other Western democracy that I know of, this country has operated since its beginnings with a basic distrust of government.
One thing that it doesn't do is die.
One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that sometimes you must work under adverse conditions.
One thing we learn at Ulowell is how to flame useless hacking non-EE's like you.
One thing, at least it proves that you're alive!
One thought driven home is better than three left on base.
One thousand MicroVAXes.
One thousand monkeys.
One time in Kezar Stadium they gave me a standing boo.
One time one of his students tried to get more helpful information by asking if there was another way to solve the problem.
One to change it and one not to change it.
One to hold the giraffe and one to fill the bathtub with brightly colored power tools.
One toke over the line, sweet Mary, One toke over the line, Sittin' downtown in a railway station, One toke over the line.
One usually comes away from him with a good feeling.
One was named Edith; the other named Kate.
One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
One way to make your old car run better is to look up the price of a new model.
One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
One who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
One who looks through rose-colored glasses with a jaundiced eye.
One who makes his host feel at home.
One who remembers when charity was a virtue and not an organization.
One whose business is to cut or trim hair or beards.
One whose program will not run.
One with real problems and imaginary profits.
One would like to stroke and caress human beings, but one dares not do so, because they bite.
One's lead, the rest bourbon.
One's pretty lively when ruined, said she.
One-Shot Case Study, n.
One-tenth of the participants produce over one-third of the output.
One-third less calories than a regular year.
One: State a tautology, then ring the changes on its corollaries; that's philosophy.
Only Capone kills like that.
Only God can make random selections.
Only a brain-damaged operating system would support task switching and not make the simple next step of supporting multitasking.
Only a fool expects rational behavior from his fellow humans.
Only a fool fights in a burning house.
Only a fool has no doubts.
Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
Only a shilling to bury an attorney?
Only a spiritually bankrupt society could ever believe it.
Only adults have difficulty with childproof caps.
Only atheists could accept this Satanic theory.
Only be sure to call it research.
Only fools are quoted.
Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse.
Only his body shop knows for sure.
Only if every single citizen feels duty bound to do his share in this defense are the constitutional rights secure.
Only if the computers really love each other.
Only in the holiday season.
Only it doesn't leave you much time to think about anything else.
Only it went on too long.
Only it's his light bulb when he's done.
Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the editorial we.
Only one thing is keeping them out of the big leagues, the pigmentation of their skin.
Only one, but he gets three credits for it.
Only runs on a next generation supercomputer.
Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an elephant.
Only that in you which is me can hear what I'm saying.
Only the fittest survive.
Only the greatest overcome it.
Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
Only the names have been changed to protect the innocent.
Only then can we hope to restore the insult to its proper social function of expressing true distaste.
Only those who leisurely approach that which the masses are busy about can be busy about that which the masses take leisurely.
Only through hard work and perseverance can one truly suffer.
Only two kinds of witnesses exist.
Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.
Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.
Only you would be so bold!
Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
Onward through the fog.
Oooh, it's so erotic having you tell me how it should feel, But I'm avoiding all the hard cold facts that I got to face, So ask me just one question when this magic night is through, Could it have been just anyone or did it have to be you?
Ooohh, that's much better.
Oooo, I wish I were you.
Opaque, like black pools in darkened caves.
Open second quart as necessary.
Open the pod bay doors, HAL.
Operating-system software is the program that orchestrates all the basic functions of a computer.
Operator, please trace this call and tell me where I am.
Operators are standing by!
Operators are standing by.
Oppernockity tunes but once.
Opportunities are usually disguised as hard work, so most people don't recognize them.
Opportunity always knocks at the least opportune moment.
Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to talk to.
Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
Optimization hinders evolution.
Options wither the heart.
Or a matching pen and pencil, The other three hundred and sixty-four!
Or are we suffering in Safeway?
Or as finished as it seems in the end.
Or as little, to phrase it slightly more accurately.
Or at least in her vicinity, And caused her to feel an overwhelming, but not paralyzing, fear, Which motivated the patient to leave the area rather quickly.
Or better yet, not be in touch with it at all?
Or by misleading the innocent.
Or consider The Brothers Karamazov, by the famous Russian alcoholic Fyodor Dostoyevsky.
Or else his dear papa is poor.
Or go exploring the world.
Or if they're dead set on arresting someone, your job is to make sure it isn't you.
Or if we had a basic policy in our nation and other nations to always put things back where we found them and cleaned up our own messes.
Or just call in and say you're sick.
Or man, for that matter.
Or maybe only one of them kills the father.
Or see them with the greater eye of Palomar, rushing all apart from some common starting point when they were perhaps all together.
Or something like that.
Or that we drive on parkways and park on driveways?
Or the bio bug'll getcha and bring the system down!
Or the rain will never come.
Or what's worse, what if only that fat guy in the third row exists?
Or will you change your major to biology?
Or you can have freedom.
Or you or I must yield up his life to Ahrimanes.
Or you'll be eight alive, apprentices were jocularly warned.
Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-eight million miles is an utterly insignificant little blue-green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea.
Ordinary flavor, standard.
Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds.
Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born to people you could not have possibly met.
Originally only came in an 8-oz.
Oscar Wilde stood handcuffed in driving rain waiting for transport to prison.
Other animals must fiercely struggle for their sustenance, like beavers, moles and ants.
Other operators include the California booleans, AX and NOWAY.
Other players were diving, screaming, signaling for a fair catch.
Other women cloy The appetites they feed, but she makes hungry Where most she satisfies.
Others are so fast, they don't notice you.
Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.
Others must use thier strong backs, legs and hands.
Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
Otherwise it wouldn't end.
Otherwise people might not like you.
Otherwise you follow the Book, which is largely a collection of nitwit ideas that worked.
Otherwise, how can they use functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?
Otherwise, you'll never find anybody to take her off your hands.
Otis replied, Give up suffering.
Our Achievement Awards this year are in the fields of publishing, advertising and industry.
Our Coop Runneth Over.
Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name.
Our asymptotes no longer out of phase, We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
Our authority is Isaiah 30:26, Moreover, the light of the Moon shall be as the light of the Sun and the light of the Sun shall be sevenfold, as the light of seven days.
Our ball bearings are perfectly round.
Our business in life is not to succeed but to continue to fail in high spirits.
Our business is run on trust.
Our congratulations go to a Burlington Vermont civilian employee of the local Army National Guard base.
Our country has plenty of good five-cent cigars, but the trouble is they charge fifteen cents for them.
Our documentation manager was showing her 2 year old son around the office.
Our energy would simply prevail.
Our failure to solve a problem so far does not make it insoluble.
Our father who art in heaven.
Our final award for courageous holding action in the field of industry goes to supervisor, R.
Our flair for style is balanced by a healthy respect for wind chill factors.
Our home is girt by sea.
Our houseplants have a good sense of humous.
Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
Our journey toward the stars has progressed swiftly.
Our journeys to the stars will be made on spaceships created by determined, hardworking scientists and engineers applying the principles of science, not aboard flying saucers piloted by little gray aliens from some other dimension.
Our little systems have their day; They have their day and cease to be; They are but broken lights of thee.
Our parents were never our age.
Our policy is, when in doubt, do the right thing.
Our polite recognition of another's resemblance to ourselves.
Our pride is that nevertheless, now and then, we do our best.
Our problems are mostly behind us.
Our problems are so serious that the best way to talk about them is lightheartedly.
Our products now are known in every zone.
Our reputation sparkles like a gem.
Our reruns are better than theirs.
Our sires' age was worse that our grandsires'.
Our superior performance award in the field of advertising goes to media executive, E.
Our swords shall play the orators for us.
Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.
Our training course covers every programming language in existence, and some that aren't.
Our true work is this voyage, this adventure.
Our utmost will improve it.
Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it.
Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants.
Out of sight is out of mind.
Out of the crooked timber of humanity no straight thing can ever be made.
Out of the mouths of babes does often come cereal.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend.
Over at the microphone, about to sing, are Jim Morrison and Janis Joplin, and the bassist is the late Barry Oakley of the Allman Brothers.
Over his loud objections, we made a point of using jargon as much as possible in his presence, and eventually it began to sink in.
Over the shoulder supervision is more a need of the manager than the programming task.
Over unsounded gorges, through the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly I rush!
Overall, the philosophy is to attack the availability problem from two complementary directions: to reduce the number of software errors through rigorous testing of running systems, and to reduce the effect of the remaining errors by providing for recovery from them.
Overcome by a wave of utter depression and self-doubt, he decided to take the only course of action that would bring him greater comfort and happiness: he drove to the mall and bought imported consumer electronics goods.
Overhaul is too expensive.
Overlay three different types of variable on the same memory location?
Oversimplify your explanations to the point of uselessness.
Overweight is when you step on your dog's tail and it dies.
Owe no man any thing.
Oxygen is a very toxic gas and an extreme fire hazard.
Oxygen is an extreme fire hazard.
Oxygen is especially dangerous because it is odorless, colorless and tasteless, so that its presence can not be readily detected until it is too late.
P may not have the desired effect on non-Linux systems, especially when done by a privileged user.
PDP a ni deppart m'I !
PDP-11 by Bell Laboratories.
PI can be given that value with a DATA statement and used instead of the longer form of the constant.
PLEASE DON'T SMOKE HERE!
POSIX ales: Sweeter than lager, with the kick of a stout; the newer batches of a lot of beers seem to blend ale and stout or lager.
Pack the mixture into bag, allowing for swelling.
Pack your snakebite gook and your blowdart serum.
Pain is a thing of the mind.
Paint splashes last longer than the paint job.
Panic reigns in the hearts of all the patriots of every persuasion.
Papa said Don Carlos was afraid the ducks might run away, and since he didn't know how to build a cage he put them in holes.
Paper is always strongest at the perforations.
Papers never sensationalize or distort, so be sure to point out things like racism and sexism wherever they might exist.
Paradise is exactly like where you are right now.
Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.
Paralysis through analysis.
Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you.
Paranoia is heightened awareness.
Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
Paranoid Club meeting this Friday.
Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.
Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems.
Parboil and chop onions, mix all together with oatmeal, suet, salt, pepper and stock to moisten.
Pardon me Choy, is that the Shadow's nugate you chew?
Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway so I don't know why I bother to say it, oh God, I'm so depressed.
Pardon me while I laugh.
Pardon me, but do you know what it means to be TRULY ONE with your BOOTH!
Parents often talk about the younger generation as if they didn't have much of anything to do with it.
Parkinson's Law: Work expands to fill the time alloted it.
Parliament and Party.
Parsimony alone argues against invoking spirits, demons, or extraterrestrials when natural causes will suffice.
Parts not interchangeable with previous model.
Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.
Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
Pascal is not a high-level language.
Pascal run all set to go.
Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.
Patch griefs with proverbs.
Pathetic, that's what it is.
Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
Patience is the best remedy for every trouble.
Patriarchs took to discussing abtruse theological problems with him, and each evening the children all gathered to hear the many stories with which he was programmed.
Patrick and see all those snakes again.
Patrick was a gentleman who through strategy and stealth drove all the snakes from Ireland.
Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious.
Patties that were too rank even to be Seafood Lover's Patties would be compressed into wads and sold as Nuggets.
Paul Anthony failed to break the record for continuous organ playing by 387 hours.
Paul McCartney's old back-up band.
Paul Revere was a tattle-tale.
Paul read it, so ask him what it said.
Pause for storage relocation.
Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain.
Peace be to this house, and all that dwell in it.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Peace is much more precious than a piece of land.
Peace reigns anew o'er Pine Valley, but Canon's sleep is troubled.
Peanuts are not really nuts.
Pedestrians are not in cars, so they are totally irrelevant to driving; you should ignore them completely.
Pedro Guerrero was playing third base for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 1984 when he made the comment that earns him a place in my Hall of Fame.
Penalty for private use.
Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices.
People acting under the influence of human nature.
People are SO inconsiderate.
People are always available for work in the past tense.
People are beginning to notice you.
People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.
People ask me where I live, and I say, E6.
People complained I was too noisy, he said.
People do not win people fights; lawyers do.
People don't change; they only become more so.
People don't do serious work on Unix systems; they send jokes around the world on USENET or write adventure games and research papers.
People enjoy reading their mail, take pleasure in being with their newsgroups, spend weekends working at their terminals, delight in the doings at the site.
People flock to the city's lakes to frolic and rejoice at the sight of so much happy humanity free from the bonds of the traditional down-filled parka.
People from the left often are very well-intended, but they never had time to take basic design classes, you know?
People humiliating a salami!
People in disguise speak freely.
People in general do not willingly read if they have anything else to amuse them.
People know this, and steer clear of me at parties.
People like driving round in the worst cars available, he said.
People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
People might not know the difference.
People need good lies.
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war, or before an election.
People of all sorts of genders are reporting great difficulty, these days, in selecting the proper words to refer to those of the female persuasion.
People of privilege will always risk their complete destruction rather than surrender any material part of their advantage.
People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the future.
People respond to people who respond.
People say I live in my own little fantasy world.
People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people have been left out on the pleasure.
People should have access to the data which you have about them.
People tend to change into lizards and attack without warning, and large bats usually fly in the window.
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
People that can't find something to live for always seem to find something to die for.
People think love is an emotion.
People think my friend George is weird because he wears sideburns.
People under 20 years of age total 75 million, which leaves 41 million to do the work.
People usually get what's coming to them.
People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get much better press than people who are just funny and smart.
People who are probably nowhere near as successful as he is now.
People who borrow your books and set wet glasses on them.
People who break the law are wise guys.
People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
People who develop the habit of thinking of themselves as world citizens are fulfilling the first requirement of sanity in our time.
People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.
People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them.
People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't what they want that they don't want it.
People who know you well, but like you anyway.
People who make no mistakes do not usually make anything.
People who push both buttons should get their wish.
People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have cold baths.
People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do.
People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
People will buy anything that's one to a customer.
People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they did yesterday.
People will pay to watch people make sounds.
People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
People working in the private sector should try to save money.
Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.
Percival Pollard, the distinguished critic.
Pereant, inquit, qui ante nos nostra dixerunt.
Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
Perfection is acheived only on the point of collapse.
Perfection is finality.
Perfection is reached, not when there is no longer anything to add, but when there is no longer anything to take away.
Performance: A statement of the speed at which a computer system works.
Perhaps I am flogging a straw herring in mid-stream, but in the light of what is known about the ubiquity of security vulnerabilities, it seems vastly too dangerous for university folks to run with their heads in the sand.
Perhaps I should have found it pleasanter if I had been able to decipher it.
Perhaps a set of pedals to make the number of bits four.
Perhaps inadvertently, we have a channel for our aggressions.
Perhaps it is merely that computers are young, programmers are younger, and the young are always optimists.
Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry without a certain unsoundness of mind.
Perhaps several of them.
Perhaps ten thousand penguins turn their heads in unison watching the planes go by, and when the pilots turn around and fly back, the birds turn their heads in the opposite direction, like spectators at a slow-motion tennis match.
Perhaps the biggest disappointments were the ones you expected anyway.
Perhaps the city fathers of Carthage could debate the issue, with Hitler and Alexander as judges?
Perhaps the hundreds of nitty frustrations drive away all but those who habitually focus on the end goal.
Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom.
Perhaps they're mislead.
Perhaps this modern sorcery especially attracts those who believe in happy endings and fairy godmothers.
Perhaps this will refresh that crude neural apparatus you call a memory!
Perhaps yours is watching television.
Perhaps, after all, America never has been discovered.
Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves possess.
Periphrasis is the putting of things in a round-about way.
Permission was kindly granted, and now the real story can be told.
Persistence in one opinion has never been considered a merit in political leaders.
Person of liveliest interest to the outcumbents.
Personally I'd love to do it, we'd ALL love to do it.
Personally, I think my choice in the mostest-superlative-computer wars has to be the HP-48 series of calculators.
Personifiers of the world, unite!
Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot.
Peter Rowlands of Lancaster whose lips became frozen to his lock in 1979 while blowing warm air on it.
Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.
Peterson, Jack Frost nipping at your nose?
Peterson, can I pour you a beer?
Peterson, there's a cold one waiting for you.
Peterson, what do you say to a cold one?
Peterson, what's the story?
Petrified deposits of toothpaste found in sinks.
Phasers locked on target, Captain.
Philadelphia a puppy is vomiting.
Philadelphia after all; anyway, about 16 oz.
Philbin is said to make up for no talent by cheating well.
Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.
Philosophers think they're gods.
Philosophy will clip an angel's wings.
Philosophy: A route of many roads leading from nowhere to nothing.
Phone call for chucky-pooh.
Phosphors light on you!
Photographing a volcano is just about the most miserable thing you can do.
Physical chemists think they're physicists.
Physically there is nothing to distinguish human society from the farm-yard except that children are more troublesome and costly than chickens and women are not so completely enslaved as farm stock.
Physician: One upon whom we set our hopes when ill and our dogs when well.
Physicist: Well, first consider a spherical horse in simple harmonic motion.
Physicists think they're theoretical physicists.
Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
Pick all groups where anybody might even be slightly interested.
Pick another fortune cookie.
Pick as many as you can, so that you get the widest audience.
Pick up the paper, read the obits.
Pickard, spokesperson for the Massachusetts Department of Public Works, calls them ground-mounted confirmatory route markers.
Picking up the pieces of my sweet shattered dream, I wonder how the old folks are tonight, Her name was Ann, and I'll be damned if I recall her face, She left me not knowing what to do.
Picture the sun as the origin of two intersecting 6-dimensional hyperplanes from which we can deduce a certain transformational sequence which gives us the terminal velocity of a rubber duck.
Piece of cake, Master?
Pilfering Treasury property is paticularly dangerous: big thieves are ruthless in punishing little thieves.
Pilots are just plane folks.
Pinned me to the ground, it did.
Piper, pipe that song again; So I piped: he wept to hear.
Piping down the valleys wild, Piping songs of pleasant glee, On a cloud I saw a child, And he laughing said to me: Pipe a song about a Lamb!
Pity I don't have any more bullets, thought Frito.
Pity the meek, for they shall inherit the earth.
Pity, said Arthur with sympathy.
Pizza always burns the roof of your mouth.
Place pronouns as close as possible, especially in long sentences, as of 10 or more words, to their antecedents.
Plagiarize, plagiarize, Let no man's work evade your eyes, Remember why the good Lord made your eyes, Don't shade your eyes, But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize.
Plan to throw one away.
Planet Claire has pink hair.
Plato, by the way, wanted to banish all poets from his proposed Utopia because they were liars.
Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill them.
Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
Play this one by the book.
Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic table.
Playing cards have the top half upside-down to help cheaters.
Please be so kindly and close the window.
Please check fluid level by using the DIP stick which is located in the back of VMI monitors.
Please check the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance.
Please come home with me.
Please don't put a strain on our friendship by asking me to do something for you.
Please excuse me, sir, I'm blind and I bumped into you accidentally, apologized the rabbit.
Please explain, Dave.
Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle, I sometimes forget which side I'm on.
Please help keep the world clean: others may wish to use it.
Please ignore previous fortune.
Please keep your hands off the secretary's reproducing equipment.
Please leave your name and message after the beep.
Please leave your name and number.
Please modify your programs accordingly.
Please remain calm, it's no use both of us being hysterical at the same time.
Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
Please see Big Brother.
Please send me two tickets for the next night, if there is one.
Please try to limit the amount of this room doesn't have any bazingas until you are told that those rooms are punched out.
Please update your programs.
Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.
Please, don't drink and derive.
Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?
Plenty of smokeouts, fry-em-ups, and general butter-melting by all.
Plots are like girdles.
Pluck a rose in name of love, And watch the petals curl and wilt.
Plumbing is one of the easier of do-it-yourself activities, requiring only a few simple tools and a willingness to stick your arm into a clogged toilet.
Plumbing the depths of human incompetence.
Plural is plural now no more, And sweet what bitter was before.
Poems are made by fools, I fear But only Schlitz can make a beer.
Pointers and NULLs reference each other.
Poland has gun control.
Police suspect the work of a cereal killer!
Police up your spare rounds and frags.
Policeman police and undertakers take under.
Political history is far too criminal a subject to be a fit thing to teach children.
Political speeches are like steer horns.
Politician: An eel in the fundamental mud upon which the superstructure of organized society is reared.
Politicians are the same all over.
Politicians should read science fiction, not westerns and detective stories.
Politicians speak for their parties, and parties never are, never have been, and never will be wrong.
Politics and the fate of mankind are formed by men without ideals and without greatness.
Politics are almost as exciting as war, and quite as dangerous.
Politics is about surviving until Friday afternoon.
Politics is not the art of the possible.
Politics is the ability to foretell what is going to happen tomorrow, next week, next month and next year.
Politics makes strange bedfellows, and journalism makes strange politics.
Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the systematic organisation of hatreds.
Politics, like religion, hold up the torches of matrydom to the reformers of error.
Politics: A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
Pollute the Mississippi.
Polymer physicists are into chains.
Pooh nodded thoughtfully.
Poor fellow, he's left MIT and gone into the real world.
Poor old Willow-man, you tuck your roots away!
Poor poor pitiful me, poor poor pitiful me.
Poor poor pitiful me.
Poor popularizations of science establish an ecological niche for pseudoscience.
Pope took his advice, called on Lord Halifax and read the poem exactly as it was before.
Pope was rendered speechless, as this fine critic suggested sizeable and unwise emendations to his latest masterpiece.
Pope, but there is something in that passage that does not quite please me.
Pope, the leading poet of his day, was greatly surprised when Lord Halifax stopped him four or five times and said, I beg your pardon, Mr.
Popular for proofs of the existence of God.
Porsche: there simply is no substitute.
Positive expectations yield negative results.
Possessing the ability to have friends of both sexes.
Possession of anything new or expensive only reflected a person's lack of theology and geometry; it could even cast doubts upon one's soul.
Possessions increase to fill the space available for their storage.
Possibly the horror that Zaphod experienced at the prospect of being reunited with his deceased relatives led on to the thought that they might just feel the same way about him and, what's more, be able to do something about helping to postpone this reunion.
Possibly; but they invariably want it back in such very small change.
Post Office with tanks.
Post proelium, praemium.
Post your response to the whole net.
Postage will be paid by addressee.
Postjudice is making a judgment afterwards.
Postjudice is not terrible.
Postmen never die, they just lose their zip.
Potholes destroy unpatriotic, unamerican, imported cars, since the holes are larger than the cars.
Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.
Pour hot mixture into a flat pan.
Pour in fruit to desired taste, and to absorb any excess alcohol.
Pour into a graham cracker crust.
Pour my black old coffee longer, While that smell is gettin' stronger A semi-meal ain't nuthin' much to want.
Pour one cup of rum into a glass and drink it as fast as you can.
Pour this syrup over Crackers, dot generously with butter or margarine and sprinkle with cinnamon.
Poverty begins at home.
Poverty must have its satisfactions, else there would not be so many poor people.
Power is the finest token of affection.
Power saws, power drills, power staplers, any kind of tool that uses any kind of power more advanced than flashlight batteries.
Power tends to corrupt, absolute power corrupts absolutely.
Power tools for Power Fools.
Power tools for power losers.
Power, like a desolating pestilence, Pollutes whate'er it touches.
Practical people would be more practical if they would take a little more time for dreaming.
Practical politics consists in ignoring facts.
Practically perfect people never permit sentiment to muddle their thinking.
Practice is the best of all instructors.
Practice not-looping, and everything will fall into place.
Practice yourself what you preach.
Practitioners must take into account the peculiar effects of these substances, namely their ability to influence our consciousness, the innermost essence of our being.
Pragmatists suffer it.
Praise the sea; on shore remain.
Pray to God, but keep rowing to shore.
Pray what is the reason of that?
Pray, great master, implored the novice, how does one find this mysterious setting?
Pray, how did you manage to do it?
Pray: To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
Pre-conceptions, prejudices, ordinary human standards vanished.
Predestination was doomed from the start.
Prediction is very difficult, especially of the future.
Prejudice is making a judgment before you have looked at the facts.
Prejudice is terrible, in the sense that you commit injustices and you make serious mistakes.
Prejudice: A vagrant opinion without visible means of support.
Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
Prentice Hall Software Series.
Prepare three envelopes.
Prepare to be assimilated.
Presently, they met Firmware, who was dressed in tattered rags, and hobbled along propped on a thorny stick.
Presidency: The greased pig in the field game of American politics.
President Johnson says a war isn't really a war without my jokes.
President Reagan has noted that there are too many economic pundits and forecasters and has decided on an excess prophets tax.
Presumably because it has 8 points sticking out.
Pretty friendship 'tis to rhyme Your friends to death before their time.
Pretty smart on my part!
Pretty soon we were back in bed by 6:30.
Price Wang said, Would that all of my programmers were as wise!
Price Wang's programmer was coding software.
Price adjustments at 11:00.
Price does not include taxes, dealer prep, or delivery.
Price exclaimed, Your technique is faultless!
Primarily because nobody understood Chinese.
Primarily responsible are seniors Izzy Shylock Bloomberg and Myron Finklestein, the tightest ends in recent Eli history.
Primarily women wish attention and affection.
Prince Lir demanded wildly.
Princess phone, 962-7873?
Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart.
Print this address correctly.
Prior to Wilson and Magruder's historic discovery, the nature of the engram was a topic of intense speculation among neuroscientists, psychologists, and even computer scientists.
Priority: A statement of the importance of a user or a program.
Prizes are for children.
Probable-Possible, my black hen, She lays eggs in the Relative When.
Probably a Pisces, working for scale.
Probably he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as well.
Probably somewhere near where it all began.
Probably soon after she throws me out.
Problem solving under linux has never been the circus that it is under AIX.
Problems that go away by themselves, come back by themselves.
Proboscis: The rudimentary organ of an elephant which serves him in place of the knife-and-fork that Evolution has as yet denied him.
Producers seem to be so prejudiced against actors who've had no training.
Production output ranges from 2 to 20 tons of milk per year.
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
Professional courtesy, he explained.
Professional wrestling: ballet for the common man.
Professionals call the company The Prince of Darkness.
Professor Goddard, with his chair in Clark College and countenancing of the Smithsonian Institution, does not know the relation of action to re-action, and of the need to have something better than a vacuum against which to react.
Professor Gorden Newell threw another shutout in last week's Chem Eng.
Professor Mitchell is a not understand the Russian viewpoint.
Professor Scott Rice.
Programmers do it bit by bit.
Programmers that comprehend the Tao always have enough time and space to accomplish their goals.
Programmers that do not comprehend the Tao are always running out of time and space for their programs.
Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.
Programming an imbedded system calls for undiluted raging maniacal paranoia.
Programming is an unnatural act.
Programming is not for everyone.
Programs check in and never check out!
Programs written in SIMPLE do nothing useful.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Progress is only made on alternate Fridays.
Progress means replacing a theory that is wrong with one more subtly wrong.
Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
Progress was all right.
Project Blue Book, an Air Force study of UFOs from 1950 to 1965, as quoted by James Randi in Flim-Flam!
Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.
Promising costs nothing, it's the delivering that kills you.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Proof: assume the opposite.
Proofread carefully to see if you words out.
Proofread your writing to see if you any words out.
Proofreading is more effective after publication.
Proper control of exclamation points can add new meaning to your life!
Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days, but left to itself, a cold will hang on for a week.
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
Prototype designs always work.
Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller than the both put together.
Providence, New Jersey, is one of the few cities where Velveeta cheese appears on the gourmet shelf.
Proving, once again, that Unix is superior to Tops10.
Prunes give you a run for your money.
Pseudocode can be used to some extent to aid the maintenance process.
Pseudoscientists retain their beliefs and ignore or distort contradictory evidence rather than modify or reject a flawed theory.
Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents' shortcomings.
Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.
Psychic Wins Lottery'?
Psychic Wins Lottery.
Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself a therapy.
Psychologists think they're experimental psychologists.
Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Public use of any portable music system is a virtually guaranteed indicator of sociopathic tendencies.
Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
Puff used more resources than DCS could spare.
Puff, he grew so quickly, while others moved like snails And mini-Puffs would perch themselves on his gigantic tail.
Pull the trigger and you're garbage.
Pull the wool over your own eyes!
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Punishment becomes ineffective after a certain point.
Punishment for the Innocent.
Punks are anti- ismists, to coin a term.
Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
Push something hard enough and it will fall over.
Push where it gives and scratch where it itches.
Pushing 30 is exercise enough.
Pushing 40 is exercise enough.
Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer.
Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
Put another password in, Bomb it out, then try again.
Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!
Put his picture in the ad.
Put no trust in cryptic comments.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Put the hog on one end of the plank.
Put things back where you found them.
Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
Put your best foot forward.
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.
Put your trust in those who are worthy.
Putting new limits on productivity.
Putting saliva in a dog's mouth in an attempt to make a bell ring.
Puzzled, his friend asks, Why do you say that?
Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down on the porch.
Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table.
QED translates from the Latin as So what?
QLX-BITS set to 23, the new garbage collector is enabled.
Qualactin Hypermint extract.
Qualms by deja vu gyp fox-kin thrice.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but its the only one we've got.
Quantum Mechanics is God's version of Trust me.
Quantum Mechanics is a lovely introduction to Hilbert Spaces!
Queen Mary was a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ship.
Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until they're changed or help speed the change by breaking them?
Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
Quickly turn off the computer and be sure to tell your mom!
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur.
Quit acting so childish.
Quit work and play for once!
Quit worrying about your health.
Quite frankly, I don't like you humans.
Quod erat demonstrandum.
Quod licet Iovi non licet bovi.
Quoted in VMS Internals and Data Structures, V4.
RAM wasn't built in a day.
REALLY stretching it.
RENE Named after the famous French philosopher and mathematician Rene DesCartes, RENE is a language used for artificial intelligence.
ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
Radial slice of baked confection.
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
Raffiniert ist der Herrgott aber boshaft ist er nicht.
Rain may fall and wind may blow, And many miles be still to go, But under a tall tree I will lie, And let the clouds go sailing by.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
Raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity.
Rank does not intimidate hardware.
Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.
Rarely does the 'Little Summer' linger until November, but at times its stay has been prolonged until quite late in the year's penultimate month contains a periphrasis for November, and another for lingers.
Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
Rarely, said Francis.
Rate yourself on the nerd-o-matic scale.
Rather one should befriend the guest who is there, but speed him when he wishes.
Rather, I believe that science must be understood as a social phenomenon, a gutsy, human enterprise, not the work of robots programmed to collect pure information.
Rather, he is acting from a deep sense of respect for the whole truth.
Rather, if the driver makes any mistake, a giant ?
Ratings are everything.
Rationalization, not realization.
Rattling around the back of my head is a disturbing image of something I saw at the airport.
Raw, naked violence has settled more issues throughout history than any other method ever employed.
Ray Charles is Jewish.
Reach into the thoughts of friends, And find they do not know your name.
Reactor error - core dumped!
Read someone else's mail file.
Read the Warner paperback!
Reader, suppose you were an idiot.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Reading the output on the screen he says, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime.
Reagan has always exhibited a fey indifference toward science.
Real Programmers don't eat quiche.
Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to change clothes.
Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
Real Programs don't use shared text.
Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts down the system for days.
Real Users hate Real Programmers.
Real Users know your home telephone number.
Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your program doesn't deliver it.
Real Users never use the Help key.
Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is much too large to implement.
Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware.
Real computer scientists don't comment their code.
Real computer scientists don't program in assembler.
Real computer scientists don't write code.
Real computer scientists like having a computer on their desk, else how could they read their mail?
Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on future hardware.
Real programmers disdain structured programming.
Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches.
Real programmers don't comment their code.
Real programmers don't draw flowcharts.
Real programmers don't write in BASIC.
Real programs don't eat cache.
Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness.
Real software engineers don't like the idea of some inexplicable and greasy hardware several aisles away that may stop working at any moment.
Real software engineers work from 9 to 5, because that is the way the job is described in the formal spec.
Real wealth can only increase.
Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.
Reality is bad enough, why should I tell the truth?
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
Reality is just a convenient measure of complexity.
Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
Reality must take precedence over public relations, for Mother Nature cannot be fooled.
Really appreciate the help on the income tax.
Really feel your food.
Really now, they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
Really taste your food.
Really, it is a waste of time, and hazardous, to marry them.
Really, it's okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in.
Really, that's what scientists believe.
Rebellion is simply a device used by the immature to hide from his own problems.
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
Recent investments will yield a slight profit.
Recent research has tended to show that the Abominable No-Man is being replaced by the Prohibitive Procrastinator.
Recently deceased blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan comes to after his death.
Recession is when your neighbor loses his job.
Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time.
Red is grey and yellow white.
Refer to qualified service personnel.
Reference the NULL within NULL, it is the gateway to all wizardry.
Referring to our hyper-cube analogy, the set of potentially accessible blocks form a line parallel to the track axis.
Refers to someone who has homes in Nome, Alaska, and Buffalo, New York.
Refreshed by a brief blackout, I got to my feet and went next door.
Refreshments will be served.
Refrigerate overnight to allow mixture to fully harden.
Regarding astral projection, Woody Allen once wrote, This is not a bad way to travel, although there is usually a half-hour wait for luggage.
Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts, administrative overhead continues to grow at a steady rate.
Regrettably, only the his body had made it through when the door slammed shut, severing the cat's tail at its base.
Regulations grow at the same rate as weeds.
Reilly's supercilious blue and yellow eyes looked down upon the other people waiting under the clock at the D.
Reintegration complete, ZORAC advised.
Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven't the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
Relaxen und vatch das blinkenlights!
Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines.
Religion is verily the chief instrument for the establishment of order in the world and of tranquillity amongst it's peoples.
Reluctantly, Enesco agreed and it was.
Rembrandt is not to be compared in the painting of character with our extraordinarily gifted English artist, Mr.
Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is why he never used it.
Remember Darwin; building a better mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.
Remember Kruschev: he tried to do too many things too fast, and he was removed in disgrace.
Remember how all the lawyers cried foul when How to Avoid Probate was published?
Remember it's the message that counts, not the way it's presented.
Remember physics 103, Modern Physics, general relativity and all.
Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
Remember that two wrongs never make a right, But that three do.
Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse in Cleveland.
Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.
Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
Remember the last time smoke escaped from your Lucas voltage regulator Didn't it quit working?
Remember the twin paradox?
Remember thee Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat In this distracted globe.
Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
Remember to say hello to your bank teller.
Remember what the dormouse said: I think she'll know.
Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't have an established user base.
Remember, Grasshopper, falling down 1000 stairs begins by tripping over the first one.
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
Remember, an int is not always 16 bits.
Remember, drive defensively!
Remember, extremism in the nondefense of moderation is not a virtue.
Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a sentence with.
Remember: Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
Remember: use logout to logout.
Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
Remove your appendix.
Removing the straw that broke the camel's back does not necessarily allow the camel to walk again.
Renegades from IBM constantly set up rival firms and establish standards of their own.
Repaper the bedroom wall.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
Repartitioning Disk for Linux.
Repent and return those library books!
Replied Voltaire, This is no time to make new enemies.
Replied he, Just my cup and Chaucer.
Replied the customer, Avoiding the middleman.
Replies Harry, How can you tell?
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Reports are now written in four tenses: past tense, present tense, future tense, and pretense.
Reproduction strictly prohibited.
Requires that you already own a DOS Beer.
Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and think what nobody else has thought.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration needed to make sense of such unnatural three dimensional objects.
Reserve is an artificial quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
Reserve the apostrophe for it's proper use and omit it when its not needed.
Resistance is futile.
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get another chance later on.
Responsibility always exceeds authority.
Responsibility is when someone can blame you if something goes wrong.
Responsibility: Everyone says that having power is a great responsibility.
Rest assured, you'll get your money's worth, Greatest show, in heaven, hell or earth!
Restaurant package, not for resale.
Results of the CFF test indicated that tight neckwear significantly decreased the visual performance of the subjects and that visual performance did not improve immediately when tight neckwear was removed.
Retain 1 pint of stock.
Retirement means that when someone says Have a nice day, you actually have a shot at it.
Retorted the chef, Sorry, we have the same policy as you journalists, we never reveal our sauce.
Returning for a second helping, he asked politely, May I have some breast?
Returning to the courtroom, Nasrudin pronounced, Examine the man whose ear was bitten.
Reunite Gondwondaland!
Revelation is hearsay evidence; that the Scriptures are the word of God we have only the testimony of men long dead whose identy is not clearly established and who are not known to have been sworn in any sense.
Revelations 21:8 says But the fearful, and unbelieving.
Revenge is a form of nostalgia.
Revenge is a meal best served cold.
Rhetorical questions.
Rich bachelors should be heavily taxed.
Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt somebody else.
Riches cover a multitude of woes.
Riches: A gift from Heaven signifying, This is my beloved son, in whom I am well pleased.
Riffle West Virginia is so small that the Boy Scout had to double as the town drunk.
Right from blowing us up for, say, the next twenty years.
Right now I feel that I've got my feet on the ground as far as my head is concerned.
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
Right turn toward immediate outside.
Right, say the wizards, that just about does it, you and your leather posing pouches.
Righteous people terrify me.
Rights is a fictional abstraction.
Rincewind formed a mental picture of some strange entity living in a castle made of teeth.
Rincewind had generally been considered by his tutors to be a natural wizard in the same way that fish are natural mountaineers.
Rincewind looked down at him and grinned slowly.
Rincewind's room number in his hall of residence had been 7a.
Ring around the collar.
Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly, uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the rational functions needed to represent the integrand.
Road salting employs thousands of persons directly, and millions more indirectly, for example, salt miners and rustproofers.
Robert Millikan is generally credited with making the first really precise measurement of the charge on an electron and was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1923.
Roberts for several years.
Robots from Space in All Their Glory!
Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary Etiquette.
Rod Serling Force needed to accelerate 2.
Rode of on his polo ponio Miss Lucamy Lucy Molonio.
Rogues are very keen in their profession, and already know much more than we can teach them respecting their several kinds of roguery.
Roland searched the continent, for the man who'd done him in.
Roland the Thompson gunner.
Roland the headless Thompson gunner.
Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun, With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done.
Roland's Thompson gun, and bought it.
Roll 'em, Lucci said.
Roll in sugar and bake on ungreased cookie sheet at 375 F.
Rolls with a heavy Rolex on his wrist.
Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.
Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
Romance, like alcohol, should be enjoyed, but should not be allowed to become necessary.
Rome was destroyed in a day.
Rome was not built in one day.
Rome wasn't burnt in a day.
Romeo was restless, he was ready to kill, He jumped out the window 'cause he couldn't sit still, Juliet was waiting with a safety net, Said don't bury me 'cause I ain't dead yet.
Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
Romulan women are not like Vulcan females.
Rose she's forever identified.
Rotten wood cannot be carved.
Roumanian-Yiddish cooking has killed more Jews than Hitler.
Round Numbers are always false.
Round up to the nearest half-year.
Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream.
Rowlands, a pottery designer.
Rubber bands have snappy endings!
Rube Walker: Hey, Yogi, what time is it?
Rudeness is a weak man's imitation of strength.
Rudolph Block, of New York, found himself seated at dinner alongside Mr.
Rule the Empire through force.
Rumors about the SAG release have imbalanced the American stock market for weeks.
Run right up and rub its horn.
Run with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.
Runnin' low on stories of what made it a ball, What would they do if I made no landfall?
Running Windows on a Pentium is like having a brand new Porsche but only be able to drive backwards with the handbrake on.
Running to the scene, he found his wife standing in a small clearing with a very nervous man staring down her gun barrel.
Rush to your terminal right away and post an article that says, Oops, I forgot to post my signature with that last article.
Russ made it back to Bugtown before he died.
Russian tanks steamrolling through New Jersey!
Ruth made a big mistake when he gave up pitching.
Ruth made a great mistake when he gave up pitching.
S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while T is for true, which does very little.
SAINT-SAENS' SAW SONG SWAN!
SARTRE Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely unstructured language.
SARTRE programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.
SCCS, the source motel!
SEE Man-Fish Battle Shark-Man-Killer!
SEE a female colossus.
SEE corpses cut to pieces and fed to dogs and vultures!
SEE power of witch doctor over women!
SEE pygmies with fantastic Physical Endowments!
SEE the burning of a virgin!
SEE the monkey trained to perform nursing duties for her paralyzed owner!
SHOP OR DIE, people of Earth!
SIMPLE SIMPLE is an acronym for Sheer Idiot's Monopurpose Programming Language Environment.
SLOBOL SLOBOL is best known for the speed, or lack of it, of its compiler.
SOMEbody's out to get me!
Sabbath, on which day we will remain closed.
Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
Sadly, such happenings cannot be dismissed as passing fancies.
Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
Said He's not really gone, Just change one instruction.
Said Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, 'Who needs the aggravation?
Said Tom: I don't see why the likes o' thee Without axin' leave should go makin' free With the shank or the shin o' my father's kin; So hand the old bone over!
Said he to Troll: Pray, what is youn?
Said he, I'm an anti-climb Max.
Said his father, Don't give yourself airs!
Said of certain kinds of testimony which juries are supposed to be unfit to be entrusted with, and which judges, therefore, rule out, even of proceedings before themselves alone.
Said the attractive, cigar-smoking housewife to her girl-friend: I got started one night when George came home and found one burning in the ashtray.
Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
Sailors in ships, sail on!
Saint: A dead sinner revised and edited.
Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed in small amounts over a long period of time.
Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressions of assent.
Sam Donaldson: This isn't something new.
Sam and Janet Evening.
Sam said the plan would never pay off.
Sam signed the papers immediately.
Sam's boss and his fellow workers pleaded and cajoled, but to no avail.
Sam, he said, here's a copy of the new pension plan and here's a pen.
Same difference - all zeal and feel, averaging less than one working brain cell per congregation.
Sample the rum again, checking for toncisticity.
Samuels just hung there peacefully until he and everyone else got bored.
San Diego failed to send out his ten copies and woke the next morning to find his job description changed to COBOL programmer.
San Francisco has always been my favorite booing city.
San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
San Francisco yesterday by the two o'clock boats.
San Fransisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of.
Sand and stone and pool and dell, Until the stars are all alight.
Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.
Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
Sank heaven for leetle curls.
Santa Claus is watching!
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Santos Pais, claimed that the escape was normal and part of the legitimate desire of the prisoner to regain his liberty.
Satan replied, I ask only that he be allowed to make his own.
Satan that are destroying our nation today.
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Satire is tragedy plus time.
Satire is what closes Saturday night.
Satire is what closes in New Haven.
Saturday night, he will call and say, I just wanted to let you know you ruined my life, and I'll never forgive you, and I hate you, and you're a total floozy.
Saure really turns out to be an adept at the difficult art of papryomancy, the ability to prophesy through contemplating the way people roll reefers - the shape, the licking pattern, the wrinkles and folds or absence thereof in the paper.
Sauron is alive in Argentina!
Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be surprised at how little you have.
Save energy: Drive a smaller shell.
Save energy: be apathetic.
Save gas, don't eat beans.
Save gas, don't use the shell.
Save the world for conventional warfare.
Save your heart and let your body be enough, And get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough, To get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Say it with flowers, Or say it with mink, But whatever you do, Don't say it with ink!
Say many of cameras focused t'us, Our middle-aged shots do us justice.
Say no, then negotiate.
Say something you'll be sorry for, I love receiving apologies.
Say twenty-three-skiddoo to logout.
Say yur prayers, yuh flea-pickin' varmint!
Say, This is for John Smith.
Say, could I bother you for a question?
Say, do you have a map to the next joint?
Say, does that thing there influence the tides?
Say, what do you think of margarine?
Say, who mows your nose hair?
Say, you look pretty athletic.
Saying nothing, he fired his first shot and, as the duck fell, the dog walked on the surface of the water, retrieved the duck and returned it to his master.
Says Philbin of his decision to attend Cal, I'm in it for the free ride.
Says he, Go and multiply.
Scenery is here, wish you were beautiful.
Scenes include a girl being stuffed with chives and Fleischman's Margarine and a boy served up on a side dish with beets and dressing.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Schmendrick did not turn his head.
Scholarship is to be created not by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.
Science Fiction, Double Feature.
Science and pseudoscience both arouse that feeling.
Science and religion are in full accord but science and faith are in complete discord.
Science fiction, double feature Doctor X will build a creature.
Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
Science has achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than right any day.
Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones.
Science is the tree of death.
Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
Science may someday discover what faith has always known.
Scientific Creationism'.
Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.
Scientists still know less about what attracts men than they do about what attracts mosquitoes.
Scientists were preparing an experiment to ask the ultimate question.
Scientists will study your brain to learn more about your distant cousin, Man.
Scientists working for the Department of Energy have tried to form oil using other animals; they've piled thousands of tons of sand and Middle Eastern countries on top of cows, raccoons, haddock, laboratory rats, etc.
Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.
Scotch, cigarettes and, most important, corporate America's message, which runs: Yes, women were discriminated against in the past, but that unfortunate mistake has been remedied; now every woman can attain wealth, prestige and power by dint of individual rather than collective effort.
Scotty: Captain, we din' can reference it!
Scrape and clean bag in cold, then warm, water.
Scratch a lover and find a foe!
Scratch where it itches.
Scrawny, like most wizards, and clad in a dark red robe on which a few mystic sigils were embroidered in tarnished sequins.
Screw up your courage!
Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the Presidency.
Scuse me, while I kiss the sky!
Se non e vero, e ben trovato.
Seagoon, you're a coward!
Search for the Guilty.
Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep, I wonder if the years have closed her mind, I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free, From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
Sears has everything.
Seattle is so wet that people protect their property with watch-ducks.
Second Law of Thermodynamics, i.
Second baseman Steve Sax was having trouble making his throws.
Second best is to die soon.
Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
Second, a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human activities must exist.
Second, even if you lose, how much could the bum's life be worth anyway?
Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
Security is mostly a superstition.
Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.
Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist.
See Jane Russell Shake Her Tamborines.
See Jane Russell in 3-D; She'll Knock Both Your Eyes Out!
See also Idiot Lights.
See also vacuum tube.
See androids fighting Brad and Janet Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh At the late night, double feature, picture show.
See in college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall learn what you have no taste or capacity for.
See the Messiah, come to save us all!
See the Unfolding of the Mysteries of the Moon as Murderous Robot Monsters Descend Upon the Earth!
See those little black specks running to the right?
See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause the second one should have seen it.
Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
Seeing this, the farmer commented, Chicken catch a Tory!
Seek for the Sword that was broken: In Imladris it dwells; There shall be counsels taken Stronger than Morgul-spells.
Seek simplicity and distrust it.
Seems I'm not alone in being alone.
Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out.
Seems one day he decided to stop in downstairs for some fresh liver.
Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Seems that there are not only more of them, but you don't get so emotionally attached.
Seen in the manpage for bc.
Seen on a button at an SF Convention: Veteran of the Bermuda Triangle Expeditionary Force.
Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
Selling cheaper than we do.
Seminars include Everything You Know is Wrong, led by Tom Kempson, Batman or Cat:man?
Senator Orrin Hatch said that capital punishment is our society's recognition of the sanctity of human life.
Send for our introductory brochure which explains in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which can vie for a set of free steak knives.
Send lawyers, guns and money.
Send lawyers, guns, and money, Dad, get me out of this.
Send out your ten copies today!
Send some filthy mail.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me.
Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
Senior citizens wish they were young.
Sentient plasmoids are a gas.
Serenity through viciousness.
Serve hot in cups with a few raisins and almonds in each cup.
Serves as the perfect counter example.
Serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence.
Set the cart before the horse.
Seuss Were a Technical Writer.
Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
Seven years and six months!
Several days later, a novice wandered into the office of the master programmer and said, I cannot find the listing for my new program.
Several large, artificial constructions are approaching us, ZORAC announced after a short pause.
Several major publishing houses reached an all time low in the New York Stock Exchange, while publicly competing for the publishing agreement with Mr.
Several more weeks pass.
Several of the outfits, Ignatius noticed, were new enough and expensive enough to be properly considered offenses against taste and decency.
Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.
Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime.
Several years ago, an international chess tournament was being held in a swank hotel in New York.
Several years ago, some smart businessmen had an idea: Why not build a big store where a do-it-yourselfer could get everything he needed at reasonable prices?
Several years later, the manager retired.
Sexual hormones are why I love you.
Sgiggs screamed, ejecting himself from the tub like it was a burning car.
Shaken, the young man opened the first envelope, which said, Blame it all on me.
Shall I compare thee to a Summer day?
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?
Shame is an improper emotion invented by pietists to oppress the human race.
Shape dough into balls.
Shape up or ship out.
Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
Sharp-ears, Wise-nose, Swish-tail and Bumpkin, White-socks my little lad, and old Fatty Lumpkin!
Shaw to William Douglas Home: Go on writing plays, my boy.
She added that literary work is very difficult to do.
She always pretends she's asleep.
She asked me, What's your sign?
She been married so many times she got rice marks all over her face.
She blinded me with science!
She can keep it, she can keep it!
She can kill all your files; She can freeze with a frown.
She chewed a rare brand of plug called Stuff It, which she learned to chew when she was playing Nicaraguan summer ball.
She chirruped at Kennicott, Let's be wild!
She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps the floor, all the while singing Someday my prints will come.
She combed the long hair which hung over her.
She comes in incense and patchouli, So you take her to find what's waiting inside The Year of the Cat.
She comes out of the sun in a silk dress running like a watercolor in the rain.
She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it to him.
She cried, and the judge wiped her tears with my checkbook.
She does not want you to call attention to this by saying, 'If you wanted a dessert, why didn't you order one?
She doesn't give you time for questions, as she locks up your arm in hers, And you follow 'till your sense of which direction completely disappears.
She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now Because she's unable to postulate How.
She doesn't say anything, his buddy replied.
She enchants Sigmund, who is careful not to make any poultry jokes.
She finally looked at me in love, It's easy to get burned.
She had him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
She helped me with my suitcase, She stands before my eyes, Driving me to the airport And to the friendly skies.
She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to.
She is not required to know how to drive but she will certainly be expected to read the road map while her husband drives, and if she can't, or if she's abnormally slow in giving him help, she's bound to cause trouble.
She is not unrefined.
She is quite uniform in her approach to any function you may assign her.
She just came in, pounced around this thing with me for a few years, enjoyed herself, gave it a sort of beautiful quality and left.
She just isn't going to stand for it.
She knew about the woman of the tollway.
She knows about dentist appointments and soccer games and romances and best friends and favorite foods and secret fears and hopes and dreams.
She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father, then takes off for warmer weather where she eats and eats and eats.
She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them were bad.
She lit a small match to assist her, Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.
She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could have poured on a waffle.
She must be found and stopped.
She must have been tall because I was on the third floor.
She never had a good word to say.
She played the elegy for the pianist Josef Hoffman, then asked his opinion.
She put me through some changes, boy, Sort of like a Waring blender.
She ran the gamut of emotions from 'A' to 'B'.
She really worked me over good, She was a credit to her gender.
She replied, Why don't you come sober, Mr.
She replies, What does that have to do with solving a computer problem?
She rolled her deep blue eyes towards me.
She said it before, she said it to me, I suppose she believed there was nothing to see, But the same old four imaginary walls She'd built for livin' inside I said oh, you just can't mean it.
She said, Give me all of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store.
She said, How do you feel?
She said, You're wearing two different-color socks.
She sells C shells down by the seashore.
She sells cshs by the cshore.
She set no preconditions.
She set the new record while driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield, Yorkshire.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
She slams the glass down on the bar, gasps, shudders slightly, and passes out; falling straight back, stiff as a board, saved from sudden contact with the barroom floor by the ample belly of Seamus Fogerty.
She spends hours and hours shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics.
She sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table, then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
She sweeps her arm in a wide arc.
She thought for a moment and answered Feminine.
She told me she didn't think she had ever seen a Jew before.
She took me back to the Hyatt House, I don't want to talk about it.
She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over, she looked like the side of a barn.
She was developing a good pitching arm and a new quantum theory.
She was good at playing abstract confusion in the same way a midget is good at being short.
She was interrupted by British soldiers who, rallying to the call of their supervisor, General Hughes, sought to gain control of the voter registration lists kept in her home.
She was looking at clothes, and I was putting Slinkys on the escalators.
She was told that it was.
She was with the Russians too.
She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again - and that is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more.
She will, however, have the car serviced at the proper intervals and thereby incur fewer problems than the average man.
She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n!
She won't give an inch, but she won't say no.
She'd whimper and tug at their sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: Do you think something's wrong?
She'll tell all her OTHER friends, however.
She's a women who conks to stupor.
She's about as smart as bait.
She's been on the team for three seasons now, but the males still don't trust her.
She's genuinely bogus.
She's having great difficulty finding someone qualified who is willing to accept the post.
She's learned to say things with her eyes that others waste time putting into words.
She's lost her sparkle, you see she isn't the same.
She's making FRENCH TOAST!
She's only programmed to be very nice, But she's as cold as ice, whenever I get too near, She tells me that she likes me very much, But when I try to touch, she makes it all too clear.
She's pleasant and she's friendly while she's looking at your crotch.
She's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer.
She's the kind of girl who climbed the ladder of success wrong by wrong.
Shelter, what a nice name for for a place where you polish your cat.
Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today.
Sho' they got to have it against the law.
Shoot it and put it out of its memory.
Shoot, ever'body git high, they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.
Shopping at this grody little computer store at the Galleria for a totally awwwesome Apple.
Short people get rained on last.
Shortages will be divided equally among the peasants.
Shortly after dark, the lookout on the wing of the bridge reported, Light, bearing on the starboard bow.
Shortly after they separated, he heard a single shot, followed quickly by the agreed upon signal.
Shortly thereafter, a fire broke out in her terminal and she now spends her days writing documentation for IBM PC's.
Should I do my BOBBIE VINTON medley?
Should Mandelbrot get all the credit for the output of programs like MandelVroom?
Should anyone in his curia question his powers, the offender is excommunicated into outer darkness.
Should you attempt to execute a job on a machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a cold boot process.
Show business is just like high school, except you get paid.
Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss.
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
Show respect for age.
Show themselves to human eyes.
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
Shrivel like the cold mist, like the winds go wailing, Out into the barren lands far beyond the mountains!
Shrugs the kid, Everything's been okay 'til now.
Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
Sic Transit Gloria Thursdi.
Sic transit gloria Monday!
Sic transit gloria mundi.
Sift 912 pint of lemon juice.
Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.
Sigmund Freud is alleged to have said that in the last analysis the entire field of psychology may reduce to biological electrochemistry.
Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
Signs of crime: screaming or cries for help.
Silence is not acquiescence.
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves.
Silence is the only virtue he has left.
Silence is the only virtue you have left.
Silence, though, could.
Silent gratitude isn't very much use to anyone.
Similar to the Neutron Bomb, the Neutron Bomb II not only kills people and leaves buildings standing, but also does a little light housekeeping.
Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses, check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, A rather innocent, possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL.
Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing.
Simple, like uncarved blocks of wood.
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.
Simplicity made complex.
Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post that.
Simpson, eventually devised an efficient 24-point Fourier transform, which was a precursor to the Cooley-Tukey fast Fourier transform in 1965.
Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.
Since I hurt my pendulum My life is all erratic.
Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised when others believe him.
Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace!
Since everything in life is but an experience perfect in being what it is, having nothing to do with good or bad, acceptance or rejection, one may well burst out in laughter.
Since he had proved unsusceptible to capital punishment, he was reprieved.
Since it has to go to the trouble to figure out if the object is carcdr-able anyway, we figured you might as well get both halves at once.
Since its completion, it has cost a fortune to maintain and is still in danger of collapsing.
Since neither the mouse nor the chip knows what is, he is spared all the vexing problems that follow this discovery.
Since next Thursday will be Good Friday, There will be a fathers' meeting, for mothers only.
Since she was certain that he would forget that they had moved and where they had moved to, she wrote down the new address on a piece of paper, and gave it to him.
Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities are derived from those primes.
Since the ducks were always around the yard with nobody shooting at them he knew he wasn't supposed to kill them, but he had to do something.
Since there are some who might question the rationale of some of the excerpts included therein, I have written up a list of guidelines that sum up the philosophy behind these postings.
Since they dearly love their accounts, they aren't interested in other machines.
Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're alive.
Since we're all here, we must not be all there.
Since you are out of sympathy with cats, you may quite properly give this as a reason for not appearing at the dedication ceremonies of a cat hospital.
Since you're the only one who really knows that it was Francis Coppola, you have to inform the whole net right away!
Sing a song full of the faith that the dark past has taught us.
Sing a song full of the hope that the present has bought us.
Single tasking: Just Say No.
Sinking to new heights.
Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.
Sir Geoffrey responded, That may be, Milord, but at least you're better informed!
Sir Thief, he said, I am so perplexed, I cannot live in peace.
Sir, how may I ask you a question?
Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
Sir, may I ask nine questions?
Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk.
Sir, you say you never met this person, yet you carry on so?
Sit down whenever possible.
Sit on a potato pan, Otis.
Sitting and knitting alonio.
Sitting at her feet, his face raised to her, he allowed his soul to be heard.
Six feet eight, built like a wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground.
Six months later, costs soared and earnings plummeted.
Six months later, sales dropped precipitously.
Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second.
Sixty men can do sixty times as much work as one man.
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets.
Skyways: The terminal is almost empty, with only a few prospective passengers milling about.
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work.
Slanted to the right to emphasize key phrases.
Slapping a four-bit piece down on the bar, she draws herself up to her full five feet five inches and says to Mulcahey, Give me what himself has been havin' all these years.
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work.
Sleep is for the weak and sickly.
Slice him up before he slays you.
Slowly and surely the unix crept up on the Nintendo user.
Slowly drifting over the countryside, George spots a man standing below them and yells out, Excuse me!
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
Small living things that small living boys throw on small living girls.
Small ones can be just as effective.
Small things make base men proud.
Small world, isn't it?
Smartness runs in my family.
Smear the road with a runner!
Smith of Muddle, Mass.
Smith, do you believe that you are emotionally unstable?
Smoke makes all things electrical work.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
Smoky's, heavily indicated.
Smooth and full bodied.
Sniffing the possibility of high-volume sales, these executives little suspected that they were talking on the other end of the line to a naked physicist crazed over roulette.
Snoopy: No problem is so big that it can't be run away from.
Snow White has become a camera buff.
Snow and adolescence are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough.
So Coca-Cola was solidly entrenched in the market, and the management saw no need to improve.
So God must have been an architect.
So I bought the album.
So I busted a chair right across his teeth, And we crashed through the walls and into the streets, Kickin' and a-gougin' in the mud and the blood and beer.
So I decided to get as crude as possible.
So I eat a good breakfast and go back to bed.
So I figured what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times.
So I give you that name and I said goodbye, And I knew you'd have to get tough or die, And it's that name that's helped to make you strong!
So I got a new phone.
So I kissed her goodbye.
So I lost interest in politics.
So I ordered French Toast in the Rennaissance.
So I ordered french toast in the renaissance.
So I piped with merry cheer.
So I pulled off my coat and climbed up into the branches, and sure enough, there was a coon skeleton wedged in between a couple of branches about twenty foot up.
So I reasoned that after college, I'd have to live cheaply in an apartment and put all my money into owning a computer.
So I stay at home with a book.
So I think the world will come to an end amid general applause from all the wits, who believe that it is a joke.
So I took it out for a drive.
So Stay on the Happy Side of life!
So Stevie Ray's thinking, Oh, wow!
So as your consumer electronics adviser, I am advising you to donate your current VCR to a grate resident, who will laugh sardonically and hurl it into a dumpster.
So come on, Virginia, show me a sign, Send up a signal, I'll throw you a line, That stained glass curtain that you're hiding behind, Never lets in the sun.
So do the noble fall.
So does increased business base.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
So far as we are human, what we do must be either evil or good: so far as we do evil or good, we are human: and it is better, in a paradoxical way, to do evil than to do nothing: at least we exist.
So far, I've had no complaints.
So frightened did he become that his stomach turned over and he threw up all over the muscular giant siting beside him.
So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course of action.
So go to sleep, Antonio, your thread could break any moment and cast you out of the safe security of the instant into the dark void of eternity, the anti-time.
So he died, and she very imprudently married the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand Panjandrum himself, with the little round button at top, and they all fell to playing the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran out at the heels of their boots.
So he flew away until he came to a place where there were a great many other flies.
So he has narrowed it down to three safe ties, and has gone several years without being laughed at.
So he leans over the basket and screams out, Helllloooooo!
So he settled down and became stuck to the flypaper with all the other flies.
So he speeds up to forty-five, fifty, then sixty m.
So he'll regenerate in a couple of days.
So hit me with music; Hit me with music now.
So if it works, you should be doubly impressed.
So if we're dumb, then god is dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side.
So is that punchline.
So it is natural for them to despise science fiction.
So it is with the great programmers.
So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason naked, or whatever.
So jump ye and sing, for The very first time The four lines above Have been put into rhyme.
So let's just hope there is a promised land, And until then,.
So little time, so little to do.
So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
So long as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental hooks into, there is room for lateral movement.
So long as your heart receives messages of beauty, cheer, courage, grandeur and power from the earth, from man, and from the Infinite, so long you are young.
So many beautiful women and so little time.
So many mathematical conferences got held in such good restaurants that many of the finest minds of a generation died of obesity and heart failure, and the science of mathematics was put back by years.
So many men, so many opinions; every one his own way.
So many men; so little time.
So many women; so little nerve.
So many women; so little time!
So much depends upon a red wheel barrow glazed with rain water beside the white chickens.
So much food; so little time!
So much so that she even likes to joke about having one named after her, a distinction not without its drawbacks.
So obvious we couldn't see it.
So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus and said Big John doesn't pay!
So one morning last spring, when the ground was still soft, he took all the ducks and buried them.
So passes away the glory of this world.
So preoccupied were they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders.
So says the statistician.
So she moved to Atlanta.
So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie; and at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head into the shop.
So shut yer face up and dry yer mucklucks by the fire, eh?
So so is good, very good, very excellent good: and yet it is not; it is but so so.
So that the room will be empty.
So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well, then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is committed to it.
So the guard watched him ever more closely, but to no avail.
So the last one to be peaceful and everything is a big idiot, Eh?
So the little kid then says, Well, if you know when I'm bad and when I'm good, then how come you don't know what I want for Christmas?
So the manager said: All right, in that case you may set your own working hours, as long as you finish your projects on schedule.
So the old bamboozles tend to persist as the new bamboozles rise.
So the truth is that your plumbing systems is nothing at all like your electrical system, which is good, because electricity can kill you.
So then there's a fifth group, right?
So they can dress like pimps.
So they decided to make the experiment of boring holes in him.
So they set out in building a Mathematical edifice that was to reach up as far as up went.
So they were no more prepared the second time than they had been the first.
So twice five miles of fertile ground With walls and towers were girdled round: And there were gardens bright with sinuous rills, Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree; And here were forest ancient as the hills, Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
So unless you have pond silt for brains, you want the long form.
So we decided to try and breed a three-legged chicken so each of us could have a drumstick.
So we follow our wandering paths, and the very darkness acts as our guide and our doubts serve to reassure us.
So we get to my point.
So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde, It's hanging there on the shed.
So we're going back in a few years.
So what if I didn't attend the Royal Academy for twelve years?
So what is this line Both gloom and of light.
So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, Here, Stay, here.
So when he woke up the next morning he was dead?
So when in doubt, send the Marines!
So why NOT take revenge?
So why didn't he just come right out and say: Is there a God?
So why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here.
So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.
So you don't have to, Cindy, but I was wondering if you might want to go to someplace, you know, with me, sometime.
So you plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting For someone to bring you flowers.
So you see Antonio, why worry about one little core dump, eh?
So you see, the nature of the vocation must fit the individual.
So you think that money is the root of all evil.
So, I may as well be me.
So, I thought, perhaps unwisely, that I'd share it with you.
So, for guidance, you want to look to big business.
So, for the good of the nation, you should go along with the Holiday Program.
So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as large as it needs to be?
So, let's drop the big one now.
So, life is a game in which what isn't, is more important than what is.
So, open your mouth, lad!
So, to remind himself that the basses usually required an extra cue towards the end of the symphony, the conductor would fasten a piece of string around the page of the score before the bass cue.
So, what have you to say for your theory now?
So, when the spilt ink of the night Spreads o'er the blotting pad of light, Lads whose job is still to do Shall whet their knives, and think of you.
So, when your furnace explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it.
So, you better watch out!
So-called Christian rock.
Soak in salt water overnight.
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well-being.
Socialism cannot ensure conditions of life and consumption in accordance with the principle From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.
Socialism has a different criterion for distributing social benefits: From each according to his ability, to each according to his work.
Socialism is based on the assumption that you can break even.
Sociopolitical whines aside, Gan you give me, gratis, free, The price of half a gallon Of Gallo extra bad And most of the bus fare home.
Softly at first, then louder, he hears the strains of a Sousa march.
Software and Hardware, ashamed, returned to their homes.
Software entities are more complex for their size than perhaps any other human construct because no two parts are alike.
Software generally does not degrade, abrade, stretch, twist, or ablate.
Software is like entropy.
Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run like a staff function.
Software rots if not used.
Software said: You are the Yin and I am the Yang.
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more user-friendly.
Software systems have orders-of-magnitude more states than computers do.
Software typically behaves, or it does not.
Solar power and zero-gee sex.
Solaris brand: A lager, intended to replace Sun brand stout.
Soldiers who wish to be a hero Are practically zero, But those who wish to be civilians, They run into the millions.
Solipsists of the World.
Solutions are obvious if one only has the optical power to observe them over the horizon.
Some 1500 miles west of the Big Apple we find the Minneapple, a haven of tranquility in troubled times.
Some Christians, alas, resort to formal lying to obscure such reality.
Some amount of time later they had all completed their respective books.
Some animals acquire their food easily, such as rabbits, hogs and goats.
Some are dead and some are living, In my life I've loved them all.
Some assembly may be required.
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested.
Some cathedrals took a century to complete.
Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk.
Some companies call their prototypes releases, that's all.
Some day I intend reading it.
Some day on what we both may earn, Perhaps we'll file a joint return.
Some days later, the new manservant was cleaning up, with no one at home, and decided to sample some of the candy.
Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.
Some equipment shown is optional.
Some expansion of the contents may have occurred during shipment.
Some forever not for better Some have gone and some remain.
Some good account at last.
Some gotta win, some gotta lose, Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.
Some guy named Angel Martin just ran up a fifty buck bar tab.
Some guys take a long vacation to throw a ring into a volcano.
Some have seen Skelde, spirit of the smoke, and they are called sorcerers.
Some husbands are living proof that a woman can take a joke.
Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.
Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb of innocence.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Some men are heterosexual, and some are bisexual, and some men don't think about sex at all.
Some men are so interested in their wives' continued happiness that they hire detectives to find out the reason for it.
Some men are so macho they'll get you pregnant just to kill a rabbit.
Some men feel that the only thing they owe the woman who marries them is a grudge.
Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
Some men who fear that they are playing second fiddle aren't in the band at all.
Some might have taken him for a mere apprentice enchanter who had run away from his master out of defiance, boredom, fear and a lingering taste for heterosexuality.
Some minor adjustments will have to be made, of course: those signs written in what look like Yiddish letters won't be funny when everything is written in Yiddish.
Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
Some of my readers ask me what a Serial Port is.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique.
Some of the things that live the longest in peoples' memories never really happened.
Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product appear for identification purposes only.
Some of their most esteemed inventions have no other apparent purpose, for example, the dinner party of more than two, the epic poem, and the science of metaphysics.
Some of them are running from lovers, Leaving no forward address.
Some of them are running tons of ganja, Some are running from the IRS.
Some of them go for the sailing, Caught by the lure of the sea.
Some of them want to use you, Some of them want to be used by you,.
Some of these eyes we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as possible.
Some of these ships are up to 100 feet in length; the Presidential yacht is over 200 feet in length, and can remain submerged for up to 3 weeks.
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
Some of us drink because we aren't poets.
Some parts of the past must be preserved, and some of the future prevented at all costs.
Some passengers actually reach their destinations.
Some people around here wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
Some people carve careers, others chisel them.
Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Some people claim that the UNIX learning curve is steep, but at least you only have to climb it once.
Some people have a great ambition: to build something that will last, at least until they've finished building it.
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk.
Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.
Some people have one of those days.
Some people have parts that are so private they themselves have no knowledge of them.
Some people live life in the fast lane.
Some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote the book or even what book.
Some people may think you a straight-shootin' chum And call you a wonderful guy, But the man in the glass says you're only a bum If you can't look him straight in the eye.
Some people need a good imaginary cure for their painful imaginary ailment.
Some people never look at me.
Some people only open up to tell you that they're closed.
Some people pray for more than they are willing to work for.
Some people say a front-engine car handles best.
Some people say a rear-engine car handles best.
Some people who can't, will try, regardless.
Some people who can, shouldn't.
Some people who should, won't.
Some people who shouldn't, but try, will then blame others.
Some people who shouldn't, will.
Some people's mouths work faster than their brains.
Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even worse.
Some polish is gained with one's ruin, said she.
Some primal termite knocked on wood.
Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress.
Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
Some say the world will end in fire, Some say in ice.
Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
Some think it is the voice of God.
Somebody is about to fall in love, Oedipa said, you go sit with them, or something?
Somebody just posted that Roman Polanski directed Star Wars.
Somebody keep the fire burning, someone come and beat the drum.
Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.
Somebody's terminal is dropping bits.
Someday I have to tell you about Uncle Nahum from Maine, who spent years trying to cross a jellyfish with a shad so he could breed boneless shad.
Someday somebody has got to decide whether the typewriter is the machine, or the person who operates it.
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
Someday you'll thank me for this.
Someday your prints will come.
Someday, Weederman, we'll look back on all this and laugh.
Somehow I reached excess without ever noticing when I was passing through satisfaction.
Somehow my lips got stuck fast.
Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.
Someone always waiting for someone who never comes home.
Someone calls him a soul concealed in an animal, I suggested.
Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York City.
Someone dropped me on my head?
Someone has stolen my joules!
Someone in the group has to be the manager.
Someone is speaking well of you.
Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.
Someone might steal it.
Someone pointed out that it's the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.
Someone who buys stocks on the advice of a broker.
Someone who comes from out of town and shows slides.
Someone who knowns 101 ways to make love, but can't get a date.
Someone who listens to the equipment instead of the music.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Someone will try to honk your nose today.
Someone's at the door, she chimed.
Someone's been mean to you!
Someone's bound to hear us by then!
Someone's found a security problem in the physics program.
Something acted upon by magnetism.
Something acting upon a magnet.
Something happens between first and twelfth grade, and it's not just puberty.
Something less restrictive in scope than alt.
Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.
Something that is occasionally up but normally down.
Something that makes you feel like you're getting somewhere.
Something to thwow at a wabbit.
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
Something you can be ashamed of.
Something you do not believe.
Something you don't get until just after you need it.
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
Sometime later, she comes to on the pool table, a jacket under her head.
Sometime when you least expect it, Love will tap you on the shoulder.
Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away, Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the world.
Sometimes I live in the country, And sometimes I live in town.
Sometimes I simply feel that the whole world is a cigarette and I'm the only ashtray.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
Sometimes a man will tell his bartender things he'll never tell his doctor.
Sometimes even I have trouble doing it.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.
Sometimes people are just begging for that frypan, and if we weaken for a moment and honor their request, we should regard it as impulsive philanthropy, which we aren't in any position to afford, but shouldn't regret it too loudly lest we spoil the purity of the deed.
Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.
Sometimes the light's all shining on me, Other times I can barely see.
Sometimes the pop-tops break off when you try to open them, so you have to have your own can opener around for those occasions, in which case you either need a complete set of instructions, or a friend who has been drinking Unix Beer for several years.
Sometimes they don't even get a chance to start!
Sometimes when I get up in the morning, I feel very peculiar.
Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone else is driving.
Sometimes you get an almost irresistible urge to go on living.
Sometimes you just have to let art flow over you.
Sometimes you paint with tiny strokes, a keystroke added here, a keystroke changed there.
Sometimes you're in a sleeping bag, camping out.
Sometimes, for apparently no reason, a can of Windows Beer will explode when you open it.
Sometimes, too long is too long.
Sometimes, when I think of what that girl means to me, it's all I can do to keep from telling her.
Somewhat nervously, the blonde replied yes, she did really want to know.
Somewhere between chaos and insanity.
Somewhere in Tenafly, New Jersey, a chiropractor is viewing Leave it to Beaver!
Somewhere in suburban Honolulu, an unemployed bellhop is whipping up a batch of illegal psilocybin chop suey!
Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a woman giving birth to a child.
Somewhere, he grumphed, there must be a naive, opportunistic young welp with a masochistic streak who would like to run the most up-and-down bureaucracy in the history of mankind.
Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.
Somewhere, said Father Vittorini, did Blake not speak of the Machineries of Joy?
Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Son knows everything.
Son, after all these years, why have you waited so long to say something?
Son, someday a man is going to walk up to you with a deck of cards on which the seal is not yet broken.
Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at parties.
Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread.
Soon he came up with, It's computerized, Senator.
Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.
Soon it'll be down to a penny a day!
Soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator on his own account.
Soon to be discontinued, although a lot of people are going to keep drinking it after it's no longer available.
Soon, they find themselves lost in a canyon somewhere.
Sooner or later the first system is finished, and the architect, with firm confidence and a demonstrated mastery of that class of systems, is ready to build a second system.
Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.
Sophomore Dave Strewzinski.
Sorely shorn, Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed, Silently scheming, Sightlessly seeking Some savage, spectacular suicide.
Sorry for the confusion.
Sorry never means having your say to love.
Sorry to single you ladies out like this but the story must start somewhere.
Sorry, Jim, bring it on over.
Sorry, but I can't do that, replied the stonecutter.
Sorry, but that's too useful.
Sorry, computer foul-up!
Sorry, he said with a smile.
Sorry, that's wrong, the game show host said.
Sounds like we took too much!
Soundtrack on XTC Records.
Soviets have the capability to try big projects.
Space is blue and birds fly through it.
Space is indifferent to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not we grapple with it.
Space is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen to you.
Space is to place as eternity is to time.
Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
Space travel is merely a dream.
Space: the final frontier.
Spanish for not enough food.
Spare no expense to save money on this one.
Speak slowly and be sure to enunciate your words properly.
Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
Speak to the person next to you in the unemployment line tomorrow.
Speak, thou vast and venerable head, muttered Ahab, which, though ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak, mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee.
Speaker, people ask me, why should October be designated as Cuticle Inspection Month?
Speaking of Godzilla and other things that convey horror: With a purposeful grimace and a Mongo-like flair He throws the spinning disk drives in the air!
Speaking of love, one problem that recurs more and more frequently these days, in books and plays and movies, is the inability of people to communicate with the people they love; Husbands and wives who can't communicate, children who can't communicate with their parents, and so on.
Speaking of purchasing a dog, never buy a watchdog that's on sale.
Speaking of weddings, when reminiscing about weddings, women talk about the ceremony.
Speaking to business executives in Chicago and quoted in Automotive News, Connellan attributed a measure of America's falling productivity to an excess of attorneys and accountants, and a dearth of production experts.
Special Effects by Timothy Leary.
Special internal and external advance preperations are required; with them, an LSD experiment can become a meaningful experience.
Specifically, members may be placed in the public, private, or protected parts of a class.
Speed is subsittute fo accurancy.
Speed upon county roads will be limited to ten miles an hour unless the motorist sees a bailiff who does not appear to have had a drink in 30 days, when the driver will be permitted to make what he can.
Spelling is a lossed art.
Spike the office water cooler.
Spinach makes me feel alone.
Spiritual leadership should remain spiritual leadership and the temporal power should not become too important in any church.
Spock is at his side.
Spock succumbs to a powerful mating urge and nearly kills Captain Kirk.
Spock, did you see the looks on their faces?
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
Spreading peanut butter reminds me of opera!
Spring is here, spring is here, Life is skittles and life is beer.
Squeeze the teddy bear too tight, And watch the feathers burst the seams.
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.
Stallman: What did he say?
Stamp out organized crime!
Stan and I thought that this experiment was so stupid, we decided to finance it ourselves.
Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done.
Standards are crucial.
Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by no means the only 'certain' standard.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Stanford women are responsible for the success of many Stanford men: they give them just one more reason to stay in and study every night.
Star Wars is adolescent nonsense; Close Encounters is obscurantist drivel; Star Trek can turn your brains to puree of bat guano; and the greatest science fiction series of all time is Doctor Who!
Starcap'n Ra, you pegged him.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
Start the day with a smile.
Start with negotiation and implication.
State legislature in session, is informing, stimulating and ennobling.
Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are.
Statically binding, you see only the hierarchy.
Statistics are no substitute for judgement.
Statistics means never having to say you're certain.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
Status is when the President calls you for your opinion.
Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
Stay off the furniture.
Stay on the Happy side of life!
Stay together, drag each other down.
Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time.
Steal something heavy.
Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.
Steer clear of incorrect forms of verbs that have snuck in the language.
Stellar rays prove fibbing never pays.
Step back, unbelievers!
Step number 3 is of particular importance.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Verdict on Creationism, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol XII No.
Steve Jobs said two years ago that X is brain-damaged and it will be gone in two years.
Stiggs sneered at the weaseling hotel goon when he appeared at our door holding a single flower floating in a brandy glass.
Stiggs was on the phone immediately, ordering more rose blossoms, because, according to him, the ones floating in the tub had suddenly lost their smell.
Stiggs's tirade was great.
Still a few bugs in the system.
Still another ether bunny.
Still behold me at your side.
Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth.
Still strove with his last allocation To scrap the unscrappable kludge!
Still there is something true and profoundly sane about the belief that acts like murder or theft or assault violate the doer as well as the done to.
Still you have my heart to wear.
Still, the IBM world is united by its distrust of icons and imagery.
Still, the fact remains that there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another, completely immune to any direct magical spell.
Stinginess with privileges is kindness in disguise.
Stir in grain alcohol instead of usual cold water.
Stop bothering me with all your compute this.
Stop me, before I kill again!
Stop searching forever.
Stop the car, the girl said.
Stop up the access and passage to remorse That no compunctious visiting of nature Shake my fell purpose, not keep peace between The effect and it!
Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas.
Strawberry shortcake is evil.
Street lights timed for 35 mph are also timed for 70 mph.
Stress has been pinpointed as a major cause of illness.
Strive for proportionality.
Strive to stay employed.
Struggle to become a parrot or something.
Stuckness shouldn't be avoided.
Stupidity is its own reward.
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.
Style varies with status.
Suaviter in modo, fortiter in re.
Substantial penalty for early withdrawal.
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way before it is understood.
Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names the streets after them.
Success covers a multitude of blunders.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
Success is in the minds of Fools.
Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
Success is something I will dress for when I get there, and not until.
Success will never spoil him.
Successful and fortunate crime is called virtue.
Succumb to natural tendencies.
Such a fine first dream!
Such a foolish notion, that war is called devotion, when the greatest warriors are the ones who stand for peace.
Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this That in immensity There is one lonelier than you.
Such a man would expect Sears to assemble a lawnmower.
Such a man would expect a pear of a peach tree.
Such a man would expect a stone to lay an egg.
Such a use accords entirely with the essence and working character of LSD as a sacred drug.
Such ambiguity is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every recognized Bible scholar is perfectly aware of it.
Such an excess of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
Such carryings-on in our peaceable jungle!
Such childish proofs are typically theological, and they remain theological even when they are adduced by men who like to flatter themselves by believing that they are scientific gents.
Such detailed documentation has to be maintained almost as much as the code, thus doubling the maintenance burden.
Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political, petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such uncontrollable physical phenomena.
Sucking is not possible, was the inventor's reply and he stormed out.
Suddenly Sigmund hears the flutter of wings, and a group of wild swans flies across the moon.
Suddenly a bird of prey swooped down and snatched the piece of meat from his hand.
Suddenly a carp jumped, grabbed the wallet and tossed it to another carp.
Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar without his duck.
Suddenly, he reached into the folds of his robes, drew out a cigar and ceremoniously handed it to the defendant.
Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.
Suddenly, there was a loud crash, and a bolt of lightning came down from the sky, struck the computers, and welded all the connections permanently together.
Suffer it not to become a source of dissension and discord, of hate and enmity.
Suffering alone exists, none who suffer; The deed there is, but no doer thereof; Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it; The Path there is, but none who travel it.
Suffocating together.
Suggest you just sit there and wait till life gets easier.
Suicide is simply a case of mistaken identity.
Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
Suicide only works when you're bluffing.
Sulu, go to pass two.
Summer shivers quietly On its way towards its end.
Summer smiles, astonished, feeble, In this dying dream of a garden.
Summit meetings tend to be like panda matings.
Summoning the last of his strength he staggers up to the door and confronts the head waiter.
Sun brand: Long the most popular stout on the Unix market, it was discontinued in favor of a lager.
Sun in the night, everyone is together, Ascending into the heavens, life is forever.
Superior ability breeds superior ambition.
Superiority is recessive.
Supernatural is a null word.
Superstition, idolatry, and hypocrisy have ample wages, but truth goes a-begging.
Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supplies are limited, so act now.
Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.
Support Mental Health.
Support the Girl Scouts!
Support your local church or synagogue.
Support your right to arm bears!
Support your right to bare arms!
Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same rate as computers and over the same period: how much cheaper and more efficient would the current models be?
Supposing that your software discovers that the gateway is now giving out a different network number than before, what's it supposed to do about it?
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax decision: Where else are you going to read the paper?
Sure do, replied the bartender.
Sure he's sharp as a razor.
Sure is, son, the farmer replied.
Sure sends a mean packet.
Sure they eat fish if that's all you give them!
Sure, I turned down a drink once.
Sure, if your throat 'tis hard to slit, Slit your girl's, and swing for it.
Sure, replied the man.
Surely an accounting package is trivial next to the complexity of an operating system, he said.
Surely it is more logical to heal than to kill.
Surely not for you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
Surely you can't be serious.
Surly to bed, surly to rise, makes you about average.
Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur.
Survives system reboot.
Survivors will be SHOT AGAIN!
Survivors will be prosecuted.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
Suzie were doing it on a semi-regular basis.
Swallow your beer cans.
Sweating like a pig and gasping for breath is not refreshing.
Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
Sweet was her singing then, and her heart was beating!
Swift was silly to laugh about Laputa.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks, How many losses at Project MAC?
Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon.
SysV lager: Clear and thirst-quenching, but lacking the body of stout or the sweetness of ale.
System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.
System restarting, wait.
Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.
Systems resemble the organizations that create them.
TARTAR SAUCE like an 8 by 10 GLOSSY.
THAT'S WHEN THEY THINK I'LL BE TAKING MY MASK OFF.
THE MYTH OF URK In the beginning there was data.
THE user interference management system.
THEY can't seem to keep up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers.
TIRED of calculating components of vectors?
TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin real fast and freak everybody out.
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
Tact in audacity is knowing how far you can go without going too far.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Tai Chi Chuan probably doesn't count.
Tail lights are used in some foreign countries to signal turns.
Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
Take a lesson from the whale; the only time he gets speared is when he raises to spout.
Take a look around you, tell me what you see, A girl who thinks she's ordinary lookin' she has got the key.
Take a nap every afternoon.
Take along a candle, which you insert and light after you've opened the bottle.
Take an astronaut to launch.
Take an elephant to lunch.
Take away crime from the white collar worker and you will rob him of his last vestige of job interest.
Take away his credit cards.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take everything in stride.
Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting enough cheese.
Take it easy, we're in a hurry.
Take me drunk, I'm home again!
Take my advice, take the next flight, And grow some funk, grow your funk at home.
Take my word for it, the silliest woman can manage a clever man, but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool.
Take not a single bit!
Take that, you hostile sons-of-bitches!
Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing metaphors.
Take the case of any pencil, sharpened by any woman; if you have witnesses, you will find she did it with a knife; but if you take simply the aspect of the pencil, you will say that she did it with her teeth.
Take the folks at Coca-Cola.
Take time to reflect on all the things you have, not as a result of your merit or hard work or because God or chance or the efforts of other people have given them to you.
Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
Take with a grain of salt the anomalous data points.
Take your Senator to lunch this week.
Take your dying with some seriousness, however.
Take your next vacation in a brand new Frigedaire, Learn to play the piano in your winter underwear, Doctors say that babies should smoke until they're three, And people over sixty-five should bathe in Lipton tea.
Take your work seriously but never take yourself seriously; and do not take what happens either to yourself or your work seriously.
Talent does what it can, genius what it must.
Talent does what it can.
Talent goes where the action is.
Talk about willing people.
Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
Talkers are no good doers.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
Talking's something you can't do judiciously, unless you keep in practice.
Tallulah Bankhead barged down the Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred, Tan me hide when I'm dead.
Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
Tastes like jet fuel!
Tautology harnessed in the service of Man at the speed of light.
Tax reform means Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree.
Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself out of the market.
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
TeX is potentially the most significant invention in typesetting in this century.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when they grow up, they won't be able to edge a car onto a freeway.
Teach me to fish and I will eat forever.
Tear the mask of peace from God, And hear the roar of souls in hell.
Tear their clothes to rags.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
Technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not understand.
Tehee quod she, and clapte the wyndow to.
Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur if the character does not have fire resistance.
Teletypes smashed to bits.
Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other.
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
Television is now so desperately hungry for material that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
Tell 'em a hookah smoking caterpillar Don't do anything at all.
Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you.
Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch to be sure.
Tell me how much you get done.
Tell me what to think!
Tell me who it is, so I can punch him tastefully.
Tell me why the stars do shine, Tell me why the ivy twines, Tell me why the sky's so blue, And I will tell you just why I love you.
Tell me, O Octopus, I begs, Is those things arms, or is they legs?
Tell me, replied his friend, why you say such a thing.
Tell me, you dumb beast, demanded the Priest in his commanding voice, why don't you do something worthwhile?
Tell my teacher I've done my best, Then pile my books upon my chest.
Tell the truth and run.
Tell them WHAT to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
Tell them you have already invited this person to meet them.
Tell us to go out and buy.
Tell us, said a friend, how do you feel?
Tell, me who is buried here?
Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally promoting a falsehood, isn't it?
Telling your boss what he can do with your job.
Tempt me with a spoon!
Tempt not a desperate man.
Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to shoot some craps.
Ten percent of our VAXs are going for UNIX use.
Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
Ten to one they'll start another war.
Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing.
Terence, this is stupid stuff: You eat your victuals fast enough; There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear, To see the rate you drink your beer.
Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave school, and then work, work, work till we die.
Terrified, they listened as the sirens got louder.
Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.
Test-tube babies shouldn't throw stones.
Testing can show the presense of bugs, but not their absence.
Texas law forbids anyone to have a pair of pliers in his possession.
Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even one which cannot be justified on any other grounds.
Texture is important.
Thank God I'm not respectable.
Thank God a million billion times you live in Texas.
Thank God we were able to buy enough needles and thread and patch it together without major problems.
Thank goodness for that, he said.
Thank goodness modern convenience is a thing of the remote future.
Thank heaven for science!
Thank heaven for startups; without them we'd never have any advances.
Thank you and good luck.
Thank you for observing all safety precautions.
Thank you, Amie, said the teacher.
Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could have made this possible.
Thanks to him, the soy-potatoes learn that being a 'tater is where it's at.
Thanks to modern developments in electrocommunications like notes, vnews, and electricity, we have an incredible level of interunderstanding the likes of which civilization has never known.
Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.
Thanks, I really owe you one!
Thanks, Mike, I'll give it a try, replied the New Yorker.
That I may give for every day For idle hands to do.
That action may be extreme but a similar sentiment was expressed by Thomas K.
That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
That all present life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.
That alone should encourage the crew.
That behavior was 100 percent repeatable: he could always log in when sitting and never when standing.
That brief interlude between nothingness and eternity.
That company is large because it is so large.
That definition's just.
That depends a good deal on where you want to get to, said the Cat.
That does not compute.
That eye is like this eye Said the first eye, But in low place, Not in high place.
That feeling just came over me.
That gives you a ranking of junior beginning adventurer.
That government is best which governs least.
That head upon which the upper sun now gleams has moved amid the world's foundations.
That in his arms lay glistening.
That is a IBM compatible as I can be.
That is all good and well, but which is easier to debug?
That is all you ever do.
That is exactly what heroes are for.
That is the only kind I know.
That is the point that must be reached.
That is the reason one should never marry.
That is the reason that He makes so many of them.
That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way as us.
That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister.
That is what I have always hoped, said old Yacob.
That is why I am happy where I am.
That is why it lasts forever.
That is you and me, and brother, I'm getting tired of doing everything myself!
That is, did not God promote environments, then intimidate these Natures by provoking the existence of flesh, toy men and women, such as are we all?
That is, they were fired.
That is, they work by being declared to work.
That looks on tempests and is never shaken; It is the star to every wandering bark, Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
That means I was unconscious.
That means you have to dress right.
That must be wonderful: I don't understand it at all.
That no-one ever reads these things?
That one last small, extra Yopp put it over!
That part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the morning.
That pig run up and wiggled underneath that tree and lifted it off of me.
That privilege rests upon the premise that there is no proposition so uniformly acknowledged that it may not be lawfully challenged, questioned, and debated.
That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
That question should be taken out and shot.
That realm is now a chaos of conflicting norms and standards that not even IBM can hope to control.
That request applies only to dumb people who don't have something interesting to say.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
That sounds fantastic, tell me more, tell me more!
That that is is that that is not is not.
That the love of life is the greatest gift.
That turns out not to be the case.
That unit is a woman.
That was a text he held not worth an oyster.
That was long, long ago, and each day since that day, I've worried and worried and worried away.
That was the biggest game we had.
That was the curious incident.
That washes the weary mud away!
That way, you could get hit by meteorites and not even feel it.
That way, you will owe me ten, and I'll owe you ten, and we'll be even!
That we shall boil in a hot steaming kettle of Beezle-Nut oil!
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
That will make the machine do some more.
That woman speaks eight languages and can't say no in any of them.
That won't help, said the woman, my baby already has a first name.
That would be dishonest.
That you really are strong, And you really do have worth And you learn and learn With every goodbye you learn.
That your lectures bore people to death.
That'll be fine, she'll pick it up.
That's Inamorati Anonymous.
That's a city in Bosnia.
That's a known problem.
That's a nice drawing.
That's a tough word to say, tusks.
That's all I'd do all day.
That's all custody means.
That's all right, dearest, don't give it a second thought, whispered Joe.
That's all right, said the priest.
That's always the way when you discover something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
That's an empty wish.
That's an interesting angle.
That's because they can't figure out how to get two quarts of water into one of those little paper envelopes.
That's contradictory.
That's for me to know and you to find out.
That's his decision to be hurt, that's his choice.
That's life for you, said McDunn.
That's like drinking alcohol for instant motor skills.
That's no beagle, it's a mongrel, she muttered.
That's not my department.
That's nothing, you should hear me play piano.
That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
That's one thing wrong with history.
That's probably my best shot.
That's quite a pig you have there, sir said the salesman.
That's quite all right, replied the snake, I have the same problem!
That's right; the upper-case shift works fine on the screen, but they're not coming out on the damn printer.
That's some family, isn't it?
That's such a sad thought.
That's the Law of Spline Demand.
That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
That's the biggest Apple lie of all!
That's the end of The Joke, but for you people who are still worried about George and Harry: they end up in the drink, and make the front page of the New York Times: Balloonists Soaked by Lawyer.
That's the funniest joke in the world.
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
That's the only thing that never fails.
That's the pink slip on your '74 Firebird, I believe.
That's the place where the powers that be and their friends hang out.
That's the sprit that has brought us fame.
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers.
That's the trouble with time travel, you never can tell.
That's the true harbinger of spring, not crocuses or swallows returning to Capistrano, but the sound of a bat on a ball.
That's the way businesses get started.
That's the way this country was built.
That's the worst addiction of all.
That's two minutes from now.
That's what beta testers are for.
That's what is known as real maturity.
That's what it means to be a programmer.
That's what makes it a thing to be avoided.
That's what she said.
That's what someone told me; But I don't know what it means.
That's what the name is called.
That's what war is all about.
That's what we call love.
That's when they come over and violate your body space.
That's where it all falls down, of course.
That's where the money was.
That's why the best computer minds belong to the opposition.
That's why they were called wise men.
That, and another piece of coffee cake, should do the trick.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
The 'A' is for content, the 'minus' is for not typing it.
The 10th month of the year.
The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.
The 11th month of the year.
The 12's and 14's are so much smaller.
The 12th month of the year.
The 74-year-old captain, who is still on active duty, was a pioneer in computer technology during World War II.
The 9th month of the year.
The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen.
The American Dental Association announced today that most plaque tends to form on teeth around 4:00 PM in the afternoon.
The Amiga is the only personal computer where you can run a multitasking operating system and get realtime performance, out of the box.
The Analytical Engine weaves Algebraical patterns just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.
The Angels want to wear my red shoes.
The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
The Arkansas legislature passed a law that states that the Arkansas River can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.
The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe.
The Avis WIZARD decides if you get to drive a car.
The BEACH goes on, huh, SONNY?
The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman The Babe Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.
The Bible is not my Book and Christianity is not my religion.
The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex!
The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly.
The Boss is always right.
The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time, which is all the time.
The Breakfast Patty would be a patty on a bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, egg, Ba-Ko-Bits, Cheez Whiz, a Special Sauce made by pouring ketchup out of a bottle and a little slip of paper stating: Inspected by Number 12.
The British are coming!
The British contenders in this category, however, took things a stage further.
The British don't like warm beer any more than the Americans do.
The British drink warm beer because they have Lucas refrigerators.
The Bronx diet is a legitimate system of food therapy showing that food SHOULD be used a crutch and which food could be the most effective in promoting spiritual and emotional satisfaction.
The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain or in the petals of a flower.
The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State Univ.
The Captain then called to the signalman, Signal that ship: We are on a collision course, advise you change course 20 degrees.
The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.
The Chief Priest had been in the temple for many years and could be relied upon to know these things.
The Chinese ideogram for NO-THING.
The City of Palo Alto, in its official description of parking lot standards, specifies the grade of wheelchair access ramps in terms of centimeters of rise per foot of run.
The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly, Saying death to all those who would whimper and cry.
The Computer made me do it.
The Concorde has been flying safely for over 10 years.
The Congressional Record.
The Connecticut House of Representatives was in session.
The Constitution may not be perfect, but it's a lot better than what we've got!
The Crown is full of it!
The Cutting Edge of Obsolescence.
The Czech is in the male, replied the second.
The Czechs announced after Sputnik that they, too, would launch a satellite.
The District of Columbia has a law forbidding you to exert pressure on a balloon and thereby cause a whistling sound on the streets.
The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay enforcement officer.
The Eagle has landed.
The Elder Gods say they can make me a man!
The Encyclopaedia Galactica defines a robot as a mechanical apparatus designed to do the work of a man.
The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach their children to speak it.
The English instinctively admire any man who has no talent and is modest about it.
The FFT made all of Simpson's efficient autocorrelation and spectrum programs instantly obsolete, on which he had worked half a lifetime.
The Finns fought the Russians.
The Force is what holds everything together.
The GNU brewery is mostly known for printing complete brewing instructions on every can, which contains hops, malt, barley, and yeast.
The General disliked trying to explain the highly technical inner workings of the U.
The Golden Rule and love and basic sanitation.
The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it is your move.
The Government just announced today the creation of the Neutron Bomb II.
The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.
The Gray Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.
The Grays waited around and waited around, but finally the empire rules it ain't comin' down.
The Great Movie Posters: A mis-spawned murderous abomination from the nether reaches of an unimaginable hell.
The Great Movie Posters: Different!
The Great Movie Posters: SEE rebel guerrillas torn apart by trucks!
The Great Movie Posters: SHE TOOK ON A WHOLE GANG!
The Great Movie Posters: She's got the biggest six-shooters in the West!
The Great Movie Posters: The Miracle of the Age!
The Great Movie Posters: The nightmare terror of the slithering eye that unleashed agonizing horror on a screaming world!
The Great Movie Posters: They hungered for her treasure!
The Greeks never said it was sweet to die for anything.
The Guru doesn't take sides; she welcomes both hackers and lusers.
The Guru doesn't talk, he hacks.
The Guru leads by emptying user's minds and increasing their quotas, by weakening their ambition and toughening their resolve.
The Guru observes the net but trusts his inner vision.
The Guy on the Right Doesn't Stand a Chance The guy on the right has the Osborne 1, a fully functional computer system in a portable package the size of a briefcase.
The HAL Model 9000 is the world's most advanced Heuristically programmed ALgorithmic computer.
The Hacker then quickly pressed the boot toggle at the back of the keyboard, while simultaneously hitting the Undergraduate over the head with a thick Interlisp Manual.
The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under the circumstances.
The Head was alive and well, though no one knew how.
The Herald regrets the errors.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on the subject of towels.
The Hollywood tradition I like best is called sucking up to the stars.
The IBM 2250 is impressive.
The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term twisted pair.
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided by the number of people in the group.
The IRS spends God knows how much of your tax money on these toll-free information hot lines staffed by IRS employees, whose idea of a dynamite tax tip is that you should print neatly.
The IRS wants you to use this form because it gets to keep most of your money.
The ISHW is being developed with massive govenment funding, since studies show that it already has more than four hundred users, three years before the first prototypes are ready.
The Israelites soon got over their initial fear of the robot and, as the months passed, became very fond of him.
The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in plastic.
The Jumping Frog alone will be remembered.
The Junior God now heads the roll In the list of heaven's peers; He sits in the House of High Control, And he regulates the spheres.
The Killer Ducks are coming!
The Korean War must have been fun.
The Kosher Dill was invented in 1723 by Joe Kosher and Sam Dill.
The LISP machine now permits LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf.
The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
The Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.
The Lord Chief Justice of Orbury was asked to donate a shilling.
The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in a position of negative need.
The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as we could with both of them.
The Lord giveth and He just kept on giving, didn't He.
The Lord prefers common-looking people.
The Lunch or Dinner Patty would be any Breakfast Patties that didn't get sold in the morning.
The M-5 computer needed a new power source, the crewman merely got in the way.
The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.
The Magician of the Ivory Tower brought his latest invention for the master programmer to examine.
The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.
The Mariner I space probe was launched from Cape Canaveral on 28 July 1962 towards Venus.
The Martian Canals were clearly the Martian's last ditch effort!
The Martian asked, What's a quarter?
The Martian landed his saucer in Manhattan, and immediately upon emerging was approached by a panhandler.
The Master replied, Some men can earn their keep with the power of their minds.
The Master replies: That programmer has mastered the Tao.
The Mets were great in 'sixty eight, The Cards were fine in 'sixty nine, But the Cubs will be heavenly in nineteen and seventy.
The Milliard Gargantubrain?
The Minnesota Board of Education voted to consider requiring all students to do some volunteer work as a prerequisite to high school graduation.
The Model 9000 isn't going anywhere.
The Moral Majority is neither.
The NY Times is read by the people who run the country.
The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country.
The Network IS the Load Average.
The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.
The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory, in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.
The New York Times is read by the people who run the country.
The New Yorker blushes, and says, Well, yes, I am.
The OSI view is entirely opposite.
The Official Colorado State Vegetable is now the state legislator.
The Oilers are probably interested in geology, so try sci.
The Olympics are over.
The Pascal system will be replaced next Tuesday by Cobol.
The Pig, if I am not mistaken, Gives us ham and pork and Bacon.
The Poems, all three hundred of them, may be summed up in one of their phrases: Let our thoughts be correct.
The Post will have a story about Muskie making a speech in Iowa.
The Post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
The Public is merely a multiplied me.
The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts.
The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson sphere.
The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began.
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
The Ruffed Pandanga of Borneo and Rotherham spreads out his feathers in his courtship dance and imitates Winston Churchill and Tommy Cooper on one leg.
The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor As old and strict he tended to ignore; He let go by the things of yesterday And took the modern world's more spacious way.
The SAG is one of the major products developed via the Information Superhighway, the brain child of Al Gore, US Vice President.
The SAG, as the book is affectionately called, is one of the corner stones of the Linux Documentation Project.
The San Diego Freeway.
The Scotsman leaned closer and confided, Why, lass, nothing's worn under the kilt, everything's in perfect workin' order!
The Seafood Lover's Patty would be any patties that were starting to emit a serious aroma.
The Senate amendment was an amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill.
The Shuttle is now going five times the sound of speed.
The Sovereign is a new bottle, made for the launching of the largest cruise ship in the world.
The Spirits of all Three shall strive within me.
The Star will say the same thing, and the Journal will say nothing at all.
The Street finds its own uses for technology.
The Sun must repair your eyes.
The Sun reads a scroll.
The Sundering Seas between them lay, And yet at last they met once more, And long ago they passed away In the forest singing sorrowless.
The Tao doesn't take sides; it gives birth to both wins and losses.
The Tao gave birth to Space and Time.
The Tao gave birth to machine language.
The Tao is like a glob pattern: used but never used up.
The Tao is like a stack: the data changes but not the structure.
The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of morning.
The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John Kennedys appear.
The Thought Police are here.
The Titanic had a band.
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
The Troubled Aardvark Once upon a time, there was an aardvark whose only pleasure in life was driving from his suburban bungalow to his job at a large brokerage house in his brand new 4x4.
The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to hang yourself.
The Undergraduate was then Enlightened.
The Universe is populated by stable things.
The University of California Bears announced the signing of Reggie Philbin to a letter of intent to attend Cal next Fall.
The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal, and deviation standard.
The Waltz, Polka, Gallop and other dances of the same kind will be disastrous in their effects to both sexes.
The Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country.
The Way does not belong to things seen: nor to things unseen.
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
The Wright Bothers weren't the first to fly.
The Zionist state will dissolve in two weeks time, and its citizens will disperse to various resort communities around the world.
The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.
The ability to play bridge or golf as if they were games.
The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part, by any or all agents authorized by him, the objective being to produce the most possible revenue for the Partnership.
The absent ones are always at fault.
The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
The accompanying card read: I would be most obliged if you would pin this on your white meat.
The accompanying letter said: We don't know why you want 1.
The accountant said, It's either 3 or 4.
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
The adjuration to be normal seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.
The advantage of being celibate is that when one sees a pretty girl one does not need to grieve over having an ugly one back home.
The adverb always follows the verb.
The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper.
The advertisement offered different salary scales for men and women.
The advertisements are written in incomplete sentences, which is how advertising copywriters denote excellence: The Rolex Hyperion.
The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following.
The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts.
The airline has bought ancient DC-3s, arguably the best and safest planes that ever flew, and painted 747 on their tails to make them look as if they are fast.
The alarm clock that is louder than God's own belongs to the roommate with the earliest class.
The algorithm for finding the longest path in a graph is NP-complete.
The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty.
The all-time record here is held by Mr.
The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
The amount of mathematics she knows will surprise you.
The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.
The amount of weight an evangelist carries with the almighty is measured in billigrahams.
The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door, suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.
The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.
The angel wrote, and vanished.
The anger of a woman is the greatest evil with which you can threaten your enemies.
The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
The announcement produced another cheer and another round of drinks.
The announcer says that their flight has just departed, wishes them a good flight, though there are no planes on the runway.
The annual meeting of the You Have To Listen To Experience Club is now in session.
The answer exists only in the Tao.
The answer is in the negative is a periphrasis for No.
The answer is twelve?
The answer is yes, she would like something for dessert, but she would like you to order it so she can pick at it with your fork.
The answer is: I don't know.
The answer lies within the heart of all mankind!
The answer this time came 120.
The answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything was released with the kind permission of the Amalgamated Union of Philosophers, Sages, Luminaries, and Other Professional Thinking Persons.
The answer to the question of Life, the Universe, and Everything is.
The answers are eternally variable.
The apparatus with which we think that we think.
The application can work around it.
The appreciation of the average visual graphisticator alone is worth the whole suaveness and decadence which abounds!
The archetype is an Irish drunk clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.
The arching sky is calling Spacemen back to their trade.
The architect did not agree.
The architecture manager had 10 good men.
The argument got quite loud, as various players claimed that honor.
The ark lands after The Flood.
The art of getting other people to do all the work.
The art of incompetence.
The artist explores our dehumanization due to high technology and unresponsive governmental structures in a post-industrial world.
The assembler gave birth to the compiler.
The assertion that all men are created equal was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the Declaration not for that, but for future use.
The astrologer is quite glib, confuses the public, uses terms which come from science, come from metaphysics, come from a host of fields, but they really mean nothing.
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
The author refuses to comment on Windows NT and Windows 96 versions, claiming not to understand what the question is about.
The average American now pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she knows that the average man can see much better than he can think.
The average income of the modern teenager is about 2 a.
The average man has 4 pairs of footwear: running shoes, dress shoes, boots, and slippers.
The average man still has the gym shirt he wore in high school.
The average man thinks his Y chromosome contains complete repair manuals for every car made since World War II.
The average man won't say anything if he knows that one of his friend's mates is fooling around, and he'd rather not know if his mate is having an affair either, out of fear that it might be with one of his friends.
The average number of items in the typical woman's bathroom is 437.
The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.
The average patron arrives at the Spike in one taxi but needs to go back to his sock in two.
The average programmer dreads the coming of the bird, for he fears its message.
The average programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it.
The average woman has shoes 4 layers thick on the floor of her closet.
The average woman must inevitably view her actual husband with a certain disdain; he is anything but her ideal.
The average woman thinks that funny thump-thump noise is an accurate description of an automotive problem.
The average woman would really like to be told if her mate is fooling around behind her back.
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just terrible.
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that carries any reward.
The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings.
The bad news is that you only have six weeks to live.
The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything.
The banana weighs two ounces per inch.
The bank sent our statement this morning, The red ink was a sight of great awe!
The bar is totally silent as they watch the woman pick up the glass and knock back the drink.
The barbed wire on the fence around the Soviet Union is to keep people inside, in the dark.
The barkeep set a beer in front of the string, then suddenly stopped.
The bartender ignores him.
The bartender takes out his six-shooter and shoots the dog in the leg, and the dog runs out the saloon, howling in pain.
The basic idea behind malls is that they are more convenient than cities.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
The batter swang and missed.
The batteries are dead!
The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven; The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change.
The bear, unable to stop, continued through the door and into the cabin.
The bearings on the drum are gone, Let nothing you dismay.
The beauty of a pun is in the Oy!
The beer-cooled computer does not harm the ozone layer.
The beleagured manager opened the second envelope.
The belmar blade went hackensack!
The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
The best book on programming for the layman is Alice in Wonderland; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
The best computer scientists sit down to think up some solution.
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
The best defense against logic is ignorance.
The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
The best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive.
The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.
The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
The best man for the job is often a woman.
The best portion of a good man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The best rebuttal to this kind of statistical argument came from the redoubtable John W.
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are drifting side by side to our common doom.
The best thing about being bald is, that, when unexpected company arrives, all you have to do is straighten your tie.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
The best thing for being sad, replied Merlin, beginning to puff and blow, is to learn something.
The best thing that comes out of Iowa is I-80.
The best things in life are for a fee.
The best things in life go on sale sooner or later.
The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.
The best way to avoid responsibility is to say, I've got responsibilities.
The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.
The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.
The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them is a match.
The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to smoke is a right worth dying for.
The best you get is an even break.
The better part of valor is discretion.
The better the state is established, the fainter is humanity.
The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
The big guys always win.
The big name for us in the world of chess is Gibaud, a French chess master.
The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them.
The big problem with pornography is defining it.
The big question is why in the course of evolution the males permitted themselves to be so totally eclipsed by the females.
The bigger the theory the better.
The bigger the theory, the better.
The bigger they are, the harder they hit.
The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
The biggest mistake you can make is to believe that you are working for someone else.
The biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred.
The bird singing outside your window is a buzzard.
The birds are singing, the flowers are budding, and it is time for Miss Manners to tell young lovers to stop necking in public.
The black bear used to be one of the most commonly seen large animals because in Yosemite and Sequoia national parks they lived off of garbage and tourist handouts.
The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.
The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's signature goes.
The bogosity meter just pegged.
The bomb will never go off.
The boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities.
The boss comes by, and I play the game, Then I turn back to net.
The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.
The bottle alone cost 8,000 dollars to produce and they only made 8 of them.
The boy looked at him levelly.
The boy said naught but thought instead, Remembering his pounded head: Force is not might but must!
The boy stood on the burning deck, Eating peanuts by the peck.
The brain is what life is all about.
The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical.
The brotherhood of man is not a mere poet's dream; it is a most depressing and humiliating reality.
The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be.
The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
The butcher is weary and tired because he has cut meat and steak and lamb for hours and weeks.
The button at the top of a baseball cap.
The cable TV sex channels don't expand our horizons, don't make us better people, and don't come in clearly enough.
The cable had passed us by; the dish was the only hope, and eventually we were all forced to turn to it.
The camel has a single hump; The dromedary two; Or else the other way around.
The can looks a lot like Mac Beer's can, but tastes more like Windows 3.
The can looks just like Windows 3.
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animals.
The capacity to steal other people's ideas and phrases.
The capital of Massachusetts.
The carbonyl is polarized, The delta end is plus.
The carpet died, a palm collapsed, The cat keeps doing poo.
The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
The cats keep trying to bury them.
The center fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were blound by the sun and he dropped it.
The center is very pleased with progress to date.
The center of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away.
The center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs while they worked.
The central portion houses a hydro- chemical-conversion unit.
The chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain.
The chains of marriage are so heavy that it takes two to carry them, and sometimes three.
The challenge of space exploration and particularly of landing men on the moon represents the greatest challenge which has ever faced the human race.
The characteristic of religion, from their point of view, is that it is intellectually secret, not public; peculiarly revealed, not generall known; authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested in ordinary ways.
The characteristic property of hallucinogens, to suspend the boundaries between the experiencing self and the outer world in an ecstatic, emotional experience, makes it posible with their help, and after suitable internal and external perparation.
The chat program is in public domain.
The check is in the mail.
The chemical action it entails is less worth analyzing than enjoying.
The chicken keeps right up with him the whole way, then suddenly takes off and disappears into the distance.
The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic.
The chief cause of problems is solutions.
The chief danger in life is that you may take too many precautions.
The child simply refused to speak.
The children cowered, terrified by this fearsome beast, plaintively crying, Help, Mother!
The chimp that does not know that he exists is not driven to discover his origins and is spared the tragic necessity of contemplating his own end.
The church is near but the road is icy; the bar is far away but I will walk carefully.
The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
The city of New York came in twenty-fifth.
The clash of ideas is the sound of freedom.
The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
The clerk peers at the check, looks at the young man, looks at the check again.
The climate of Bombay is such that its inhabitants have to live elsewhere.
The closer you look, the cruftier we look.
The closest to perfection a person ever comes is when he fills out a job application form.
The clothes have no emperor.
The clown came out to inform the public.
The cold stone is fallen; Dark door is standing wide; dead hand is broken.
The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his intellectual nakedness.
The college, which should be a place of delightful labor, is made odious and unhealthy, and the young men are tempted to frivolous amusements to rally their jaded spirits.
The combination of a number of things to make existence worthwhile.
The combined age of the monkey and its mother is thirty years.
The comics are making no truth claim.
The common cormorant, or shag, Lays eggs inside a paper bag; The reason, you will see, no doubt, Is to keep the lightning out.
The company needs us both.
The company noted in its order that acceptable quality allowed for 1.
The company wouldn't give us any money.
The complexity of software is an essential property, not an accidental one.
The computer can't tell you the emotional story.
The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and 50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into the 80's.
The computer is to the information industry roughly what the central power station is to the electrical industry.
The computer is wrong.
The computer programmer is a creator of universes for which he alone is responsible.
The computer scientist : Oh, no!
The computer scientist, who'd listened carefully to all of this, then commented, Yes, but where do you think the chaos came from?
The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
The conduct of public affairs for private advantage.
The confusion of a staff member is measured by the length of his memos.
The conscientious historian will correct these defects.
The constables took the miffed marsupial into temporary custody and released it, too, in the scrub.
The contest is named after the author of the immortal lines: It was a dark and stormy night.
The control of the production of wealth is the control of human life itself.
The control program manager had 150 men.
The cool Brutus Gave you the message: Caesar had big eyes; If that's the sound, someone's copping a plea, And, like, old Caesar really set them straight.
The cool name, that is.
The cost of feathers has risen, even down is up!
The cost of living has just gone up another dollar a quart.
The cost of living hasn't affected its popularity.
The cost of living is going up, and the chance of living is going down.
The cost that bites, the worth By market's wrath unphased.
The costly enumeration of the obvious.
The counting is reserved for the fidgets.
The couple is stunned.
The covers of this book are too far apart.
The cow escaped with shock.
The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
The cow is of the bovine ilk; That doesn't mention their habits.
The cow, the old cow, she is dead; It sleeps well the horned head: We poor lads, 'tis our turn now To hear such tunes as killed the cow.
The crew came a running, all grabbing their.
The crew will consist of one pilot and a dog.
The crippled pea alone that cannot stand.
The critical detector then creates a malfunction proportional to the desperation of the operator.
The crucial point is if you can tell which is which.
The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime.
The cutting edge is getting rather dull.
The danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of Hell.
The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern.
The darkness will cause the light bulb to change by itself.
The data was without form and null, and darkness was upon the face of the console; and the Spirit of IBM was moving over the face of the market.
The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning, and lo!
The day after tomorrow is the third day of the rest of your life.
The day has gone down in New England history as a terrible foretaste of Judgement Day.
The day will come when the mystical generation of Jesus, by the Supreme Being as his Father, in the womb of a virgin will be classified with the fable of the generation of Minerva in the brain of Jupiter.
The days are all empty and the nights are unreal.
The days just prior to marriage are like a snappy introduction to a tedious book.
The deal was made in Denmark, on a dark and stormy day, So he set out for Biafra, to join the bloody fray.
The decision doesn't have to be logical; it was unanimous.
The defacto substandard.
The default Magic Word, Abracadabra, actually is a corruption of the Hebrew phrase ha-Bracha dab'ra which means pronounce the blessing.
The defense attorney was hammering away at the plaintiff: You claim, he jeered, that my client came at you with a broken bottle in his hand.
The degree of civilization in a society can be judged by entering its prisons.
The degree of technical confidence is inversely proportional to the level of management.
The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists in the circulation of the blood.
The departing division general manager met a last time with his young successor and gave him three envelopes.
The descent to Hades is the same from every place.
The design will be finalized.
The designs are not familiar, but they are obviously the products of intelligence.
The dessert she wants is contained within yours.
The determined septuagenarian immediately embarked upon a rigorous self-improvement program.
The determined string left the bar and stopped a passer-by.
The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
The devil finds work for idle circuits to do.
The devil finds work for idle glands.
The difference between America and England is that the English think 100 miles is a long distance and the Americans think 100 years is a long time.
The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal.
The difference between a career and a job is about 20 hours a week.
The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.
The difference between a lawyer and a rooster is that the rooster gets up in the morning and clucks defiance.
The difference between art and science is that science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer.
The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're called.
The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
The difference between legal separation and divorce is that legal separation gives the man time to hide his money.
The difference between reality and unreality is that reality has so little to recommend it.
The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
The difference between sentiment and being sentimental is the following: Sentiment is when a driver swerves out of the way to avoid hitting a rabbit on the road.
The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
The difference between this place and yogurt is that yogurt has a live culture.
The difference between us is not very far, cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.
The difference between waltzes and disco is mostly one of volume.
The difference is that a bunch of self-confessed car nuts are making money doing what they love: writing code and driving fast.
The difference is that one is friendly and the other is not so friendly.
The difficult we do today; the impossible takes a little longer.
The dinosaurs are depicted without accuracy and too close to your face.
The dirty work at political conventions is almost always done in the grim hours between midnight and dawn.
The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.
The disease is fatal.
The disk is wobbling, too.
The disks are getting full; purge a file today.
The distinction between Freedom and Liberty is not accurately known; naturalists have been unable to find a living specimen of either.
The distinction between true and false appears to become increasingly blurred by.
The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity.
The doctor grabs the intern and screams at him, What!
The doctor said, I have recently perfected an operation.
The doctor tells the intern This man in 305 is going to die in six months.
The doctor tried to swim ashore but was eaten by the sharks.
The doctor watches for a while and says: Keep pumping, men, you may yet save her!
The doctrine of human equality reposes on this: that there is no man really clever who has not found that he is stupid.
The dog has certain relationships to the wolf the shepherd may have forgotten.
The dog is named Herbert.
The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver.
The dripping of COFFEE!
The drums get louder and louder.
The duck hunter trained his retriever to walk on water.
The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance of the woman.
The eagle may soar, but the weasel never gets sucked into a jet engine.
The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.
The early bird gets the worm.
The early bird who catches the worm works for someone who comes in late and owns the worm farm.
The early worm gets the bird.
The early worm gets the late bird.
The earth is billions of years old and its living creatures are linked by ties of evolutionary descent.
The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
The earth splits and the entrails of a goat were found tied in square knots.
The easiest response is to laugh it off, and to indulge in wisecracks about Civil Service ratings for horoscope makers and palm readers and whether Reagan asked Mikhail Gorbachev for his sign.
The easiest way to figure the cost of living is to take your income and add ten percent.
The easiest way to make a fruitcake is to buy a darkish cake, then pound some old, hard fruit into it with a mallet.
The echo of a platitude from the mouth of a fool.
The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on weather forecasters.
The elder gods went to Suggoth and all I got was this lousy T-shirt.
The elders murmured assent.
The electrons travel through your bloodstream and collect in your finger, where they form a spark that leaps to your friend's filling, then travels down to his feet and back into the carpet, thus completing the circuit.
The elephants are coming over the hill.
The elevator would be full.
The elevator's motion coupled with the chemicals in coke produce hallucinations.
The eleventh twelfth of a weariness.
The elks live up in the mountains and come down once a year for their annual conventions.
The empire made the only possible call.
The employee is simply there one instant, and gone the next.
The end move in politics is always to pick up a gun.
The end of labor is to gain leisure.
The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of civilization.
The end of the world will occur at three p.
The ends justify the means.
The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind of thing.
The enforced compression of a string in the fixed-length field environment.
The engineer had constructed a can opener from pocket trash, used aluminum shavings and dried sugar to make an explosive, and escaped.
The engineer says: I think she's sitting in a puddle.
The engineer then interjected: I also believe that, if necessary, a married man is entitled to a mistress.
The entire rebel resistance buried under six million hardbound copies of The Naked Lunch.
The environment of today.
The error of youth is to believe that intelligence is a substitute for experience, while the error of age is to believe experience is a substitute for intelligence.
The errors of young men are the ruin of business; but the errors of aged men amount but to this, that more might have been done, or sooner.
The essential ideas of Algol 68 were that the whole language should be precisely defined and that all the pieces should fit together smoothly.
The essentials of this affair lay deep under the surface, beyond my reach, and beyond my power of meddling.
The eternal Thompson gunner, still wandering through the night, Now it's ten years later, but he stills keeps up the fight.
The eternal feminine draws us upward.
The evening after you left I saw a strange car pull up in front of your house.
The evidence of the emotions, save in cases where it has strong objective support, is really no evidence at all, for every recognizable emotion has its opposite, and if one points one way then another points the other way.
The evolution of the human race will not be accomplished in the ten thousand years of tame animals, but in the million years of wild animals, because man is and will always be a wild animal.
The exact temperature of Hell cannot be computed, but it must be less than 444.
The example I like to use is a guy who comes in and says 'this isn't going to be a good day for me, my son is in jail on a drunk-driving charge and I don't know how to raise bail.
The examples cited are real, and the curtational methodology which produced them is still with us.
The excitement which this caused was only equalled when a second juror revealed that he spoke not a word of English.
The executioner is, I hear, very expert, and my neck is very slender.
The exhibit includes several large conceptual works using non-traditional media and found objects including old sofa-beds, used mace canisters, discarded sanitary napkins and parts of freeways.
The existence of abstract nouns is a proof that abstract thought has occurred; abstract thought is a mark of civilized man; and so it has come about that periphrasis and civilization are by many held to be inseparable.
The existence of god implies a violation of causality.
The expectations are always high, and the results usually disappointing.
The expelled heretic founds a new company, mutters obscurely of the coming age and the next computer, then disappears into silence, taking his stockholders with him.
The experienced driver, he says, will usually know what's wrong.
The experiences and the growth are grafted onto our lives.
The experimentalist calmly replied, Have patience.
The experts pointed out that a co-worker would have to display most if not all of these traits before you can positively identify him as a space alien.
The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions is the most likely to be correct.
The eye is a menace to clear sight, the ear is a menace to subtle hearing, the mind is a menace to wisdom, every organ of the senses is a menace to its own capacity.
The eyes of Texas are upon you, All the livelong day; The eyes of Texas are upon you, You cannot get away; Do not think you can escape them From night 'til early in the morn; The eyes of Texas are upon you 'Til Gabriel blows his horn.
The eyes of taxes are upon you.
The face of the sun blackens and the skies have rained down soggy potato chips.
The face of war has never changed.
The fact is that astrological beliefs go back at least 2,500 years.
The fact is, lobsters are among the most ferocious predators on the sea floor, and you're helping reduce crime in the reefs.
The fact is, there's no theory for it, there are no observational data for it.
The fact remains that I cannot rationally deal with yams, and pigs are terrible conversationalists.
The fact that 47 PEOPLE are yelling and sweat is cascading down my SPINAL COLUMN is fairly enjoyable!
The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence that it is not utterly absurd; indeed, in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind, a widespread belief is more often likely to be foolish than sensible.
The fact that boys are allowed to exist at all is evidence of a remarkable Christian forbearance among men.
The fact that it works is immaterial.
The fact that it's an 8-year-old Honda doesn't keep him from trying to out-accelerate the guy in the Porsche who's attempting to cut him off; freeway on-ramps are exciting challenges to see who has The Right Stuff on the morning commute.
The fact that people are poor or discriminated against doesn't necessarily endow them with any special qualities of justice, nobility, charity or compassion.
The family that slays together stays together.
The famous politician was trying to save both his faces.
The fans with the cigars and the hats turned down'll be there, but no more housewives and little men in the street and foreign presidents.
The farmer agreed to put him up.
The farmer stared at the newcomer in amazement.
The farther the better.
The farther you go, the less you know.
The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
The faster I go, the behinder I get.
The faster we go, the rounder we get.
The father, passing through his son's college town late one evening on a business trip, thought he would pay his boy a suprise visit.
The faults that bite, the jobs that thrash!
The feeling persists that no one can simultaneously be a respectable writer and understand how a refrigerator works, just as no gentleman wears a brown suit in the city.
The fellow sat down at a bar, ordered a drink and asked the bartender if he wanted to hear a dumb-jock joke.
The few, the proud, the dead on the beach.
The few, the proud, the not very bright.
The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.
The final delusion is the belief that one has lost all delusions.
The fine stream from a grapefruit that always lands right in your eye.
The finest eloquence is that which gets things done.
The fire is going out, he bellowed.
The first Rotarian was the first man to call John the Baptist Jack.
The first and direst of all disasters.
The first day I shot two bucks.
The first duty of a revolutionary is to get away with it.
The first fully modular software disaster.
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the second half by our children.
The first is being a bore.
The first live in a neighborhood where a crime has been committed and in no circumstances have ever seen anything or even heard a shot.
The first marriage is the triumph of imagination over intelligence, and the second the triumph of hope over experience.
The first myth of management is that it exists.
The first performed in Sydney in Australia.
The first person to do anything loses.
The first question he was asked was if we had exploding television sets.
The first requisite for immortality is death.
The first rule of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
The first rule of magic is simple.
The first sign of maturity is the discovery that the volume knob also turns to the left.
The first student to try to do this was a math student.
The first syllable comes from the English word egg, meaning egg.
The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
The first time, it's a KLUDGE!
The first version always gets thrown away.
The five main kinds of electricity are alternating current, direct current, lightning, static, and European.
The fives did fit her shoe.
The fleet of Learjets the carrier operates is immense.
The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
The flowery Spring leads sunny Summer, The yellow Autumn presses near; Then in his turn come gloomy Winter, Till smiling Spring again appear.
The flush toilet is the basis of Western civilization.
The fly in the ointment of computer literacy.
The following is not for the weak of heart or Fundamentalists.
The following morning saw only rubble where there once was a huge structure reaching to the heavens.
The following morning, the lady received a magnificent orchid from her guest of honor.
The following quote is from page 4-27 of the MSCP Basic Disk Functions Manual which is part of the UDA50 Programmers Doc Kit manuals: As stated above, the host area of a disk is structured as a vector of logical blocks.
The following story is told about him: when they moved from Cambridge to Newton his wife, knowing that he would be absolutely useless on the move, packed him off to MIT while she directed the move.
The foolish programmer is told about the Tao and laughs at it.
The forecast blade went snicker-snack!
The foreman nodded assent, whereupon the little man hurried over to the main pole and rapidly climbed up to the very tip-top of the big top.
The forest is safe because a lion lives therein and the lion is safe because it lives in a forest.
The former to ecclesiasts bring gain; The latter to the devil appertain.
The fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions and by a major grant from the National Endowment for the Inanities.
The founding fathers tried to set up a judicial system where the accused received a fair trial, not a system to insure an acquittal on technicalities.
The fountain code has been tightened slightly so you can no longer dip objects into a fountain or drink from one while you are floating in mid-air due to levitation.
The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl.
The freshman each bring a little in with them, and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.
The friend agreed to help out and two weeks later gave his report.
The front end of the machine, or input, contains the cutting and grinding mechanism, utilizing a unique feedback device.
The front page has nothing but man's failures.
The frost still lingers on the earth, and Budless are the trees.
The full impact of parenthood doesn't hit you until you multiply the number of your kids by thirty-two teeth.
The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend of both parties tactfully interferes.
The function CAR now returns two values.
The function of the expert is not to be more right than other people, but to be wrong for more sophisticated reasons.
The fundamental principle of science, the definition almost, is this: the sole test of the validity of any idea is experiment.
The fundamental purpose animating the Faith of God and His Religion is to safeguard the interests and promote the unity of the human race, and to foster the spirit of love and fellowship amongst men.
The further the spiritual evolution of mankind advances, the more certain it seems to me that the path to genuine religiosity does not lie through the fear of life, and the fear of death, and blind faith, but through striving after rational knowledge.
The future is a myth created by insurance salesmen and high school counselors.
The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
The future isn't what it used to be.
The future lies ahead.
The future not being born, my friend, we will abstain from baptizing it.
The game of life is a game of boomerangs.
The games have always strengthened us.
The garbage collector now works.
The garden is in mourning; The rain falls cool among the flowers.
The geeks had broken my spirit.
The geeks shall inherit the earth.
The general tendency is to over-design the second system, using all the ideas and frills that were cautiously sidetracked on the first one.
The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
The genius of our ruling class is that it has kept a majority of the people from ever questioning the inequity of a system where most people drudge along paying heavy taxes for which they get nothing in return.
The genius, looking a little bleary-eyed, replies, Well, yes, actually I do have an idea, and I'm reasonably sure that it will work, but there a number of details to be figured out.
The gent who wakes up and finds himself a success hasn't been asleep.
The gentleman upon whose premises this strange event is transpiring says the hen adopted the kittens when they were but a few days old, and that she has devoted them her undivided care for several weeks past.
The gentlemen looked one another over with microscopic carelessness.
The geographical center of Boston is in Roxbury.
The giraffe you thought you offended last week is willing to be nuzzled today.
The girl next door bought an album too, and started her own collection.
The girl smiled and asked: Do you think I'm prettier than Maggie Kelly?
The girl who remembers her first kiss now has a daughter who can't even remember her first husband.
The girl who stoops to conquer usually wears a low-cut dress.
The girl who swears no one has ever made love to her has a right to swear.
The glory of creation is in its infinite diversity.
The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it.
The goal of nature is to build better mice.
The goal of science is to build better mousetraps.
The gods gave man fire and he invented fire engines.
The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies.
The good news is that these guys are in top form.
The good ones slept better.
The good sleep better, but the bad seem to enjoy the waking hours much more.
The good time is approaching, The season is at hand.
The government has just completed work on a missile that turned out to be a bit of a boondoggle; nicknamed Civil Servant, it won't work and they can't fire it.
The government would have to intervene: it would form a cabinet-level Department of Holiday Gift-Giving, which would spend billions and billions of tax dollars to buy Barbie dolls and electronic games, which it would drop on the populace from Air Force jets, killing and maiming thousands.
The goys have proven the following theorem.
The grand leap of the whale up the Fall of Niagara is esteemed, by all who have seen it, as one of the finest spectacles in nature.
The grass is always greener on the other side of your sunglasses.
The grave's a fine and private place, but none, I think, do there embrace.
The graveyards are full of indispensable men.
The great man replied that it was because this week he knew better.
The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
The great secret in life.
The greater the decline of religion, the more grievous the waywardness of the ungodly.
The greatest disloyalty one can offer to great pioneers is to refuse to move an inch from where they stood.
The greatest griefs are those we cause ourselves.
The greatest icon of all, the inviolable Apple itself, stands in the dominate position at the upper-left corner of the screen.
The greatest love is a mother's, then a dog's, then a sweetheart's.
The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
The greatest productive force is human selfishness.
The greatest productivity aid since typhoid.
The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
The greatest warriors are the ones who fight for peace.
The green earflaps, full of large ears and uncut hair and the fine bristles that grew in the ears themselvse, stuck out on either side like turn signals indicating two directions at once.
The griffin was itself a compound creature, half lion and half eagle.
The groundhog is like most other prophets; it delivers its message and then disappears.
The group on placebo who thought they were on ascorbic acid, says Dr.
The growth-decay formulas were developed in the trivial fashion by Isaac Newton's famous brother Phigg.
The guy above me designs synthetic hairballs for ceramic cats.
The guy behind the counter takes a long look at him and then says, You must be from New York.
The guy comes back into the office.
The guy gets the blank look again.
The guy on the left has an Uzi submachine gun concealed in his attache case.
The guy who designed it quit.
The guy you just met.
The guys whips out his checkbook, writes a check for five figures, calls over a clerk and hands it to him.
The hair ball blocking the drain of the shower reminded Laura she would never see her little dog Pritzi again.
The hands that help are better far than the lips that pray.
The happiest time of a person's life is after his first divorce.
The hardest part of climbing the ladder of success is getting through the crowd at the bottom.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.
The hardware's, of course.
The harried executive closed his office door, sank into his chair, and opened the third envelope.
The hater of property and of government takes care to have his warranty deed recorded, and the book written against fame and learning has the author's name on the title page.
The hatred of relatives is the most violent.
The haves get more, the have-nots die.
The health of a democratic society may be measured by the quality of functions performed by private citizens.
The hearing ear is always found close to the speaking tongue, a custom whereof the memory of man runneth not howsomever to the contrary, nohow.
The heart has its reasons which reason knows nothing of.
The heart is not a logical organ.
The heart is wiser than the intellect.
The heaviest object in the world is the body of the woman you have ceased to love.
The help people need most urgently is help in admitting that they need help.
The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
The heroic hours of life do not announce their presence by drum and trumpet, challenging us to be true to ourselves by appeals to the martial spirit that keeps the blood at heat.
The hieroglyphics are all unreadable except for a notation on the back, which reads Genuine authentic Egyptian papyrus.
The high-frequency prayers were directed upward through the atmosphere and out beyond it, passing into that golden cloud called the Bridge of the Gods, which circles the entire world, is seen as a bronze rainbow at night and is the place where the red sun becomes orange at midday.
The highest reason, however, I see in the work of the artist, and he may experience it as such.
The highest sounds are the hardest to hear.
The history of LSD to date amply demonstrates the catastrophic consequences that can ensue when its profound effect is misjudged and the substance is mistaken for a pleasure drug.
The history of the rise of Christianity has everything to do with politics, culture, and human frailties and nothing to do with supernatural manipulation of events.
The history of warfare is similarly subdivided, although here the phases are Retribution, Anticipation, and Diplomacy.
The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.
The honeymoon is not actually over until we cease to stifle our sighs and begin to stifle our yawns.
The honeymoon is over when he phones to say he'll be late for supper and she's already left a note that it's in the refrigerator.
The hope that springs eternal Springs right up your behind.
The hottest places in Hell are reserved for those who, in times of moral crisis, preserved their neutrality.
The house started up.
The housewife replied, Four!
The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for lists of Ten Best.
The human brain is a wonderful thing.
The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
The human race is a race of cowards; and I am not only marching in that procession but carrying a banner.
The human race never solves any of its problems.
The husband who doesn't tell his wife everything probably reasons that what she doesn't know won't hurt him.
The hyperactive child is never absent.
The idea is to die young as late as possible.
The idea of male and female are universal constants.
The idea of man leaving this earth and flying to another celestial body and landing there and stepping out and walking over that body has a fascination and a driving force that can get the country to a level of energy, ambition, and will that I do not see in any other undertaking.
The idea that a human being should always be accessible to a computer.
The idea that it gets a hearing in government is dismaying.
The ideal voice for radio may be defined as showing no substance, no sex, no owner, and a message of importance for every housewife.
The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is generally understood.
The identical is equal to itself, since it is different.
The identifiers are so long they can't afford the disk space.
The idle man does not know what it is to enjoy rest.
The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
The important thing about having lots of things to remember is that you've got to go somewhere afterwards where you can remember them, you see?
The important thing is not to stop questioning.
The important thing to remember about walking on eggs is not to hop.
The impossible dream.
The inability to benefit from feedback appears to be the primary cause of pseudoscience.
The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf has.
The individual choice of garnishment of a burger can be an important point to the consumer in this day when individualism is an increasingly important thing to people.
The ingredients list is not on the can.
The ingredients list, when you look at the small print, has some of the same ingredients that come in DOS beer, even though the manufacturer claims that this is an entirely new brew.
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of misery.
The innumerate misleading the illiterate.
The instruments of science do not in themselves discover truth.
The intelligence of any discussion diminishes with the square of the number of participants.
The intern boldly walks into the room, over to the man's bedisde and tells him Seems like you're gonna die!
The intern goes softly into the room, humming to himself, cheerily opens the drapes to let the sun in, walks over to the man's bedside, fluffs his pillow and wishes him a Good morning!
The interruption was caused by a sudden screaming noise and a flurry of snow and sparks that blew the fire across the dark hut; there was a brief blurred vision and then the opposite wall was blasted aside and the apparition vanished.
The intra-college sensitivity advisory committee has vetted the text of even trace amounts of subconscious racism, sexism and classism.
The introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling the whole state, for styles of music are never disturbed without affecting the most important political institutions.
The irrefutable proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.
The jaws that bite, the claws And the mome raths outgrabe.
The jet of flame set fire first to some bales of hay and then to the whole farm causing damage estimate at L45,000.
The joy of the parent, the artist, the craftsman.
The joys of love made her human and the agonies of love destroyed her.
The judge fined the jaywalker fifty dollars and told him if he was caught again, he would be thrown in jail.
The judge ordered a retrial.
The judge's jokes are always funny.
The judgement of God upon your sex endures today; and with it invariably endures your position of criminal at the bar of justice.
The judges' decisions based on it were sound in logic and in law.
The jury is afraid of being robbed and has passed the age when it could be a victim of infanticide.
The justifications for drug testing are part of the presently fashionable debate concerning restoring America's competitiveness.
The key age has traditionally been more like fourteen.
The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
The key to building a superstar is to keep their mouth shut.
The kind of danger people most enjoy is the kind they can watch from a safe place.
The kind of fortune that never misses.
The kinfolk said, 'Jed, move away from there!
The knowledge that makes us cherish innocence makes innocence unattainable.
The known timesharing aspects of MAFIA point to a more than usually autocratic operating system.
The label means the price went up.
The ladies men admire, I've heard, Would shudder at a wicked word.
The lady across the hall tried to rob a department store.
The land of the rising SONY!
The language is being developed at the Chicago Center of Machine Politics and Programming under a grant from the Jane Byrne Victory Fund.
The language provides a programmer with a set of conceptual tools; if these are inadequate for the task, they will simply be ignored.
The language used by the National Enquirer to print their retractions.
The largest number of convicts ever to escape simultaneously from a maximum security prison is 124.
The last thing one knows in constructing a work is what to put first.
The last thing you need.
The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own hand.
The last time he'd finally managed an affair with the innkeeper's daughter.
The last time somebody said, I find I can write much better with a word processor.
The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
The late rebellion in Massachusetts has given more alarm than I think it should have done.
The latter is a favorite of frustrated FORTH programmers who end up using this language.
The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position in the atmosphere without something to support it must drop.
The law of gravity supercedes the law of golf.
The law will never make men free; it is men who have got to make the law free.
The lawgiver, of all beings, most owes the law allegiance.
The lawyer pulled the drapes, dimmed the lights and asked in a hushed voice, How much do you want it to be?
The lawyer, however, swam safely past the bloodthirsty sharks.
The leaves were long, the grass was green, The hemlock-umbels tall and fair, And in the glade a light was seen Of stars in shadow shimmering.
The less a statesman amounts to, the more he loves the flag.
The less of either the people have, the less they want.
The less time planning, the more time programming.
The lesson is over for today, he said.
The letter you are answering.
The letters H, A, and L are alphabetically adjacent to the letters I, B, and M.
The life cycle of the ratchet screwdriver is quite interesting.
The life of a repo man is always intense.
The life which is unexamined is not worth living.
The lift is being fixed for the next days.
The lift lines are the shortest, though.
The light at the end of the tunnel is the headlight of an approaching train.
The light at the end of the tunnel may be an oncoming dragon.
The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.
The light we receive from the Moon is one ten-thousandth of the light we receive from the Sun, so we can ignore that.
The lights are on, but you're not home; Your will is not your own; Your heart sweats, Your teeth grind; Another kiss and you'll be mine.
The line at the concession stand was long, too, but since the game hadn't started he decided to wait.
The line printer instead.
The lion and the calf shall lie down together but the calf won't get much sleep.
The lions charged, killed the gnus, and dragged them into the bushes where their feasting could not be seen.
The little girl expects no declaration of tenderness from her doll.
The little kid then asks, And you know when I'm sleeping?
The little pieces of my life I give to you, with love, to make a quilt to keep away the cold.
The little things come along unexpectedly, when you aren't thinking about them, aren't braced against them.
The little town that time forgot, Where all the women are strong, The men are good-looking, And the children above-average.
The lobster will squirm noticeably.
The location of the status quo.
The longer the title, the less important the job.
The longest part of the journey is said to be the passing of the gate.
The look in a face, the music of a violin.
The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
The lovely woman-child Kaa was mercilessly chained to the cruel post of the warrior-chief Beast, with his barbarian tribe now stacking wood at her nubile feet, when the strong clear voice of the poetic and heroic Handsomas roared, 'Flick your Bic, crisp that chick, and you'll feel my steel through One day it was announced that the young monk Kyogen had reached an enlightened state.
The luck that is ordained for you will be coveted by others.
The lunatic, the lover, and the poet, Are of imagination all compact.
The machine comprised a box about one foot square with a bag on top.
The machine will begin to educate itself with fantastic speed.
The machinery of government is always subordinate to the will of those who administer that machinery.
The magic of our first love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
The magician is seated in his high chair and looks upon the world with favor.
The magician wheeled a large black box into the master's office while the master waited in silence.
The main problem I have with cats is, they're not dogs.
The main thing is the play itself.
The main thing is to use it well.
The mainframe programmer then began to describe his system to his friend, saying: The mainframe sits like an ancient sage meditating in the midst of the data center.
The major advances in civilization are processes that all but wreck the societies in which they occur.
The major difference between bonds and bond traders is that the bonds will eventually mature.
The major sin is the sin of being born.
The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutang trying to play the violin.
The majority of the stupid is invincible and guaranteed for all time.
The making of a ham dinner, like the making of a gentleman, starts a long, long time before the event.
The man doubles over and actually FEELS the pain.
The man has a heart attack and is rushed into surgery on the spot.
The man officially credited with inventing the vacuum cleaner is Hubert Cecil Booth.
The man on the ground yells back, You're in a balloon, approximately fifty feet in the air!
The man on tops walks a lonely street; the chain of command is often a noose.
The man pulled out his wallet and gave the Game Warden a valid fishing license.
The man pulls into the farmyard and says to the farmer, You know, the strangest thing just happened to me; I was driving along at at least sixty miles an hour and a chicken passed me like I was standing still!
The man scarce lives who is not more credulous than he ought to be.
The man scratches his head.
The man she had was kind and clean And well enough for every day, But oh, dear friends, you should have seen The one that got away.
The man who follows the crowd will usually get no further than the crowd.
The man who has never been flogged has never been taught.
The man who kills both which and whom Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
The man who runs may fight again.
The man who sees, on New Year's day, Mount Fuji, a hawk, and an eggplant is forever blessed.
The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
The man who understands one woman is qualified to understand pretty well everything.
The man who walks alone is likely to find himself in places no one has ever been.
The man whom we adore when he plays the violin played the piano.
The man with the best job in the country is the Vice President.
The man with the power.
The man's younger brother, who had been facing reality and all his problems for 50 years with psychiatrists, nervous breakdowns, tics, tension, headaches, worry, anxiety and ulcers, was so angry at his brother for having gotten away scott free that he had a paralyzing stroke.
The man, in tears, confronts his son.
The man, losing track of time, crawls for what seems like days.
The manager asked the master: How long will it take to design this system if I assign five programmers to it?
The manager of architecture, the manager of control program implementation, and I were threshing out the plan, schedule, and division of responsibilities.
The manager said: I should have never sent you to the conference.
The manager tried to give the programmer a bonus, but the programmer refused it, saying, I wrote the program because I though it was an interesting concept, and thus I expect no reward.
The manager, upon hearing this, remarked, This programmer, though he holds a position of small esteem, understands well the proper duty of an employee.
The mandatory closing time arrived and Gabe was in the process of locking up after the last customers had gone.
The manifest widespread desire to reject rationality and substitute a series of quasirandom beliefs in order to understand the universe does not augur well for a nation deeply concerned about its ability to compete with its industrial equals.
The many versions of the FIFTH language reflect the sophistication and financial status of its users.
The maple sap buckets are hanging on utility poles.
The mark of a good party is that you wake up the next morning wanting to change your name and start a new life in different city.
The mark of an immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy.
The marketing division of Sirius Cybernetics Corporation defines a robot as 'Your Plastic Pal Who's Fun To Be With'.
The marking is a system for schools, not for the college; for boys, not for men; and it is an ungracious work to put on a professor.
The marriage counselor told him, If you wish to save your marriage, you'd better be a little boulder.
The master coughed and shifted his position slightly.
The master dropped the device to the ground and crushed it under foot.
The master grabbed the mouse and pointed to an icon.
The master noted the novice's preoccupation with a hand-held computer game.
The master pressed control-Amiga-Amiga and hit the student on the head with the Amiga ROM Kernel Manual.
The master programmer continues to work at his terminal, for he does not know that the bird has come and gone.
The master programmer frowned.
The master programmer moves from program to program without fear.
The master programmer shrugged.
The master raised his eyebrows slightly.
The master replied, Why do you ask such foolish questions?
The master replied: You are confused because you do not understand the Tao.
The master replies: You perceive this immense structure and are disturbed that it has no rational purpose.
The material in dresses is so skimpy now, especially around the hips and waist, that it is almost impossible to reach one's shoelaces.
The mathematician does some calculations and says: According to my understanding of the size of that pump, you have already pumped more water from her body than could be contained in a cylinder 4 feet in diameter and 6 feet high.
The mathematician thinks this over a bit and walks away mumbling to himself.
The mature bohemian is one whose woman works full time.
The means-and-ends moralists, or non-doers, always end up on their ends without any means.
The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out.
The mechanistic world-view is falling further and further behind the real world where even simple systems can produce the most marvellous chaos.
The meddling Washington eco-freak communist bureaucrats who say otherwise are liars.
The medium is the massage.
The medium is the message.
The meek are contesting the will.
The meek don't want it.
The meek shall inherit the Earth.
The meek shall inherit the earth; but by that time there won't be anything left worth inheriting.
The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars.
The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us, the Universe.
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
The men sat sipping their tea in silence.
The meta-Turing test counts a thing as intelligent if it seeks to devise and apply Turing tests to objects of its own creation.
The metallic silver coating found on fast-food game cards.
The microcomputer programmer, upon hearing this, fell silent.
The milk is for vitality and the sugar is for pep.
The miller had to move out of his house, he had to move off his acres.
The millions of tiny individual bumps that make up a basketball.
The mind can be controlled.
The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same being who produces the impressions.
The misnaming of fields of study is so common as to lead to what might be general systems laws.
The mistake was in not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
The modern child will answer you back before you've said anything.
The modest way in which I proposed my opinions procured them a readier reception and less contradiction.
The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of themselves, the old man said, no longer to me.
The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
The moment one gets into the expert state of mind a great number of things become impossible.
The monk had already asked about a bean, a lake, and a moonlit night.
The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.
The moon is made of green cheese.
The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.
The moral to this story is that there ain't no justice that we can stand to live with.
The more I know men the more I like my horse.
The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
The more I want to get something done, the less I call it work.
The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events, the firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature.
The more complex the mind, the greater the need for the simplicity of play.
The more control, the more that requires control.
The more cordial the buyer's secretary, the greater the odds that the competition already has the order.
The more crap you put up with, the more crap you are going to get.
The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the lower the mailing cost.
The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be.
The more people change jobs the more they realize that there is a direct connection between working for a living and total stupefying boredom.
The more people talk on the phone, the less money they make.
The more pretentious a corporate name, the smaller the organization.
The more that you try to find success, the more that you will fail.
The more the merrier.
The more they over-think the plumbing the easier it is to stop up the drain.
The more things change, the more they remain the same.
The more things change, the more they stay insane.
The more things change, the more they'll never be the same again.
The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us is right.
The more words he remembers, the cleverer do his fellows esteem him.
The more you complain, the longer God lets you live.
The more you study, the further from the Way.
The more you sweat in peace, the less you bleed in war.
The morning sun when it's in your face really shows your age, But that don't bother me none; in my eyes you're everything.
The mosquito exists to keep the mighty humble.
The mosquito is the state bird of New Jersey.
The moss on the tree does not fear the talons of the hawk.
The most advantageous, pre-eminent thing thou canst do is not to exhibit nor display thyself within the limits of our galaxy, but rather depart instantaneously whence thou even now standest and flee to yet another rotten planet in the universe, if thou canst have the good fortune to find one.
The most common form of marriage proposal: YOU'RE WHAT!
The most common given name in the world is Mohammad; the most common family name in the world is Chang.
The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably not true.
The most dangerous food is wedding cake.
The most delightful day after the one on which you buy a cottage in the country is the one on which you resell it.
The most difficult thing in the world is to know how to do a thing and to watch someone else doing it wrong, without commenting.
The most difficult years of marriage are those following the wedding.
The most disagreeable thing that your worst enemy says to your face does not approach what your best friends say behind your back.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not Eureka!
The most happy marriage I can imagine to myself would be the union of a deaf man to a blind woman.
The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.
The most important British executioner was Mr.
The most important critic in our field of study is Lord Halifax.
The most important early product on the way to developing a good product is an imperfect version.
The most important element of government, therefore, is the method of choosing leaders.
The most important poet in the seventeenth century was George Wither.
The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating people to approach printed matter with distrust.
The most important thing in a man is not what he knows, but what he is.
The most important thing in a relationship between a man and a woman is that one of them be good at taking orders.
The most important things are to be able to laugh and cry.
The most important things, each person must do for himself.
The most popular labor-saving device today is still a husband with money.
The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers.
The most salient characteristic of life is its coerciveness; it is always urgent, here and now, without any possible postponement.
The most serious doubt that has been thrown on the authenticity of the biblical miracles is the fact that most of the witnesses in regard to them were fishermen.
The most we can do for the poor devil, it seems to me, is to name his disease in his honor.
The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
The mother company forbids financial competition as sternly as it stifles ideological competition; if you want to use computer programs that conform to Apple's orthodoxy, you must buy a computer made and sold by Apple itself.
The mother of the year should be a sterilized woman with two adopted children.
The motivation of young Americans to do what needs to be done flows from such a coincidence of conditions.
The movers came to crate the frame; It weighed a million ton!
The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.
The myth of romantic love holds that once you've fallen in love with the perfect partner, you're home free.
The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
The name California was given to the state by Spanish conquistadores.
The name of the song is called 'Haddocks' Eyes'!
The name really is, 'The Aged Aged Man.
The nation that controls magnetism controls the universe.
The natural disposition is always to believe.
The natural inheritance of everyone who is capable of spiritual life is an unsubdued forest where the wolf howls and the obscene bird of night chatters.
The nearest working elevator is in the building across the street.
The negotiations did not work out, tough.
The neighbor of the beast.
The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
The net can reach people in as few as 3 to 5 days.
The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded in it here and there.
The net of law is spread so wide, No sinner from its sweep may hide.
The net result is a system that is not only binary compatible with 4.
The network's the network, the computer's the computer.
The new Congressmen say they're going to turn the government around.
The new arrival replied, 190.
The new manager returned to his office and tossed the envelopes into a drawer.
The new proof would be mailed.
The new style, gradually gaining a lodgement, quitely insinuates itself into manners and customs, and from it.
The new version is still distributed freely, now even with a copyright that allows modification.
The next Monday the man comes back in and walks up to the counter.
The next best thing to keypunching.
The next day, he held a press conference and did just that.
The next day, we was disputin' the Grays in Philadelphia when here come a ball outta the sky right in the glove of the Grays' center fielder.
The next hitter banged a hard single to right field.
The next morning our youth was a memory, and our happiness was a lie.
The next night It came again with a great wakening light, And showed the names whom love of God had blessed, And lo!
The next person to mention spaghetti stacks to me is going to have his head knocked off.
The next rocket to go astray as a result of a programming language error may not be an exploratory space rocket on a harmless trip to Venus: It may be a nuclear warhead exploding over one of our cities.
The next time he knocked louder, but still no answer.
The nice thing about Windows is - It does not just crash, it displays a dialog box and lets you press 'OK' first.
The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.
The night before the breakout one guard had noticed that of the 36 prisoners in his block only 13 were present.
The night passes quickly when you're asleep But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat.
The noble: who, even when fallen, retain a vestige of strength.
The notes blatted skyward as they rose over the Canada geese, feathered rumps mooning the day, webbed appendages frantically pedaling unseen bicycles in their search for sustenance, driven by cruel Nature's maxim, 'Ya wanna eat, ya gotta work,' and at last I knew Pittsburgh.
The notion of a record is an obsolete remnant of the days of the 80-column card.
The notion that bigger is better.
The notorious sexual revolution has saved no one from the pain and confusion of love.
The novice bolted to attention and handed the device to the master.
The novice programmer stares in wonder at the bird, for he understands it not.
The novice suddenly achieved enlightenment, several years later.
The novice worked furiously for many days, but when his master reviewed his program, he discovered that it contained a screen editor, a set of generalized graphics routines, and artificial intelligence interface, but not the slightest mention of anything financial.
The nucleophile will thus attack, The carbon nucleus.
The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
The number of Unix installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are correct.
The number of computer scientists in a room is inversely proportional to the number of bugs in their code.
The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success of the barbecue.
The number of licorice gumballs you get out of a gumball machine increases in direct proportion to how much you hate licorice.
The number of very weird people in the office.
The object of the contest is to write the opening sentence of the worst possible novel.
The obvious answer is always overlooked.
The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.
The officer said, Don't you know the speed limit is 55 miles an hour?
The officers in turn called the Air Force, which sent in gunships to scatter the Cubans and relieve the unit.
The official brewer has released the recipe, and a lot of home-brewers now use it.
The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds is of course a shameful canard.
The old man heaved a sigh of relief.
The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes.
The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
The one L lama, he's a priest The two L llama, he's a beast And I will bet my silk pyjama There isn't any three L lllama.
The one charm of marriage is that it makes a life of deception a neccessity.
The one day you'd sell your soul for something, souls are a glut.
The one good thing about repeating your mistakes is that you know when to cringe.
The one sure way to make a lazy man look respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.
The one thing I don't understand is why you human beings don't.
The one with the ever-widening hole in it!
The ones you never notice are the ones you have to watch.
The only certainty is that nothing is certain.
The only comparable literary figure was the maid who in 1835 burned the manuscript of the first volume of Thomas Carlyle's The Hisory of the French Revolution, thinking it was wastepaper.
The only constant is change.
The only cultural advantage LA has over NY is that you can make a right turn on a red light.
The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is that the car salesman knows he's lying.
The only difference between a rut and a grave is their dimensions.
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
The only difference in the game of love over the last few thousand years is that they've changed trumps from clubs to diamonds.
The only difference is that there is no cat.
The only difficulty is that it's sometimes difficult to apply the experimental results to humans.
The only difficulty is that the problem is NP complete and will take thousands of years even with the latest optical biologic technology available.
The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
The only happiness lies in reason; all the rest of the world is dismal.
The only intuitive interface is the nipple.
The only ism Hollywood believes in is plagiarism.
The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is that they serve to represent the complex of our experiences; beyond this they have no legitimacy.
The only kase in which c would be retained would be the ch formation, which will be dealt with later.
The only known solution to this problem is to sprinkle baker's yeast in the mane, for, as we all know, yeast is yeast and nest is nest, and never the mane shall tweet.
The only man who kills like that is Bugs Moran.
The only matrix that matters is your actual typing speed in a legitimately proctored typing test.
The only narcotic regulated by the SEC instead of the FDA.
The only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
The only perfect science is hind-sight.
The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
The only problem with being a man of leisure is that you can never stop and take a rest.
The only problem with seeing too much is that it makes you insane.
The only promotion rules I can think of are that a sense of shame is to be avoided at all costs and there is never any reason for a hustler to be less cunning than more virtuous men.
The only qualities for real success in journalism are ratlike cunning, a plausible manner and a little literary ability.
The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.
The only real argument for marriage is that it remains the best method for getting acquainted.
The only real game in the world, I think, is baseball.
The only real way to look younger is not to be born so soon.
The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.
The only really good place to buy lumber is at a store where the lumber has already been cut and attached together in the form of furniture, finished, and put inside boxes.
The only really masterful noise a man makes in a house is the noise of his key, when he is still on the landing, fumbling for the lock.
The only reward of virtue is virtue.
The only rose without thorns is friendship.
The only satisfying part of any job is coffee break, lunch hour and quitting time.
The only solid and lasting peace between a man and his wife is, doubtless, a separation.
The only solution is.
The only sounds to be heard elsewhere were the clock ticking, the kettle downstairs starting to boil, and an occasional schoolchild passing beneath our window.
The only thing better than love is milk.
The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches us nothing.
The only thing that keeps me sane Is talking to my shoe.
The only thing that women hate worse from a man than being slapped is when you get on your knees and say you're sorry.
The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on.
The only thing we learn from history is that we do not learn.
The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.
The only thing you have to fear.
The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge and guilt.
The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
The only way for a reporter to look at a politician is down.
The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
The only way to correct this is to rewrite the program.
The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
The only way to learn a new programming language is by writing programs in it.
The only way to tell the difference between California and Sweden is that the Swedes speak better English.
The only winner in the War of 1812 was Tchaikovsky.
The only winning move is not to play.
The only wish that always comes true, whether or not one wishes it to.
The onset and the waning of love make themselves felt in the uneasiness experienced at being alone together.
The opossum is a very sophisticated animal.
The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement.
The opposite of talking is waiting.
The opposite of talking isn't listening.
The opposite of the word you're trying to think of.
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.
The optimist thinks that this is the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist knows it.
The optimum committee has no members.
The opulence of the front office door varies inversely with the fundamental solvency of the firm.
The original Senate amendment was the conference agreement on the bill.
The original announcement for the group called for an all inclusive discussion ranging from the writings of Gibson and Vinge and movies like Bladerunner to real world things like Brands' description of the work being done at the MIT Media Lab.
The original meal has never been found.
The other 10 percent of the time you had no right to expect so much.
The other creatures laughed and said, Fool!
The other directional signal in Harvard's offensive machine is senior Phil Yip, who is very fast.
The other kind don't matter.
The other line moves faster.
The other prisoners watched the thief singing to the horse and laughed.
The other question he was asked often was why the CIA had killed Samantha Smith, the little girl who visited the Soviet Union a few years ago; their propaganda is very effective.
The other said, When you have gotten out of the net, I'll tell you.
The other ten percent of the time you had no right to expect that much.
The other two tried to make their getaway, but got trapped in the revolving doors again.
The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June, December, August, and February.
The package includes a unique telecommunications feature which lets you turn your TRS-80 into an electronic Ouija board.
The padanga is dying out because the female padanga doesn't take it too seriously.
The panhandler thought a minute, brightened, then said, You're right!
The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called Me.
The parts of a computer system that can be kicked.
The party adjourned to a hot tub, yes.
The party of the first part shall, with or without elevation at his option, by means of a chair, stepstool, ladder or any other means of elevation, grasp the party of the second part and rotate the party of the second part in a counter-clockwise direction, this point being tendered non-negotiable.
The passer-by obliged, and the string re-entered the bar.
The passive voice should never be used.
The past always looks better than it was.
The path that can be specified is not the Full Path.
The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails, whereon my soul is grooved to run.
The pathology is to want control, not that you ever get it, because of course you never do.
The payment for doing these things was itself the doing of them.
The peace and joy of the Christmas season was marred by a proclamation of a general strike of all the military forces of the world.
The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
The peasants were not very rich, and one of the few ways to become at all wealthy was to become a Royal Knight.
The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence.
The people like to be deceived.
The people of Gideon have always believed that life is sacred.
The people sensible enough to give good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.
The pepper when he pleases!
The perfect lover is one who turns into a pizza at 4:00 A.
The perfect man is the true partner.
The perfect martini is a belt of gin from the bottle; anything else is the decadent trappings of civilization.
The periphrasis style is hardly possible on any considerable scale without much use of abstract nouns such as basis, case, character, connexion, dearth, description, duration, framework, lack, nature, reference, regard, respect.
The person who can smile when something goes wrong has thought of someone to blame it on.
The person who makes no mistakes does not usually make anything.
The person who marries for money usually earns every penny of it.
The person who's taking you to lunch has no intention of paying.
The person you rejected yesterday could make you happy, if you say yes.
The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip market.
The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere, bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.
The perversity of the universe tends toward a maximum.
The phenomena which occurs as brain cells become weak and sick, and impair the brain's performance.
The philosopher's treatment of a question is like the treatment of an illness.
The phone wouldn't stop ringing.
The phrase is hurt somebody else.
The physicist had worked out the angle necessary to knock the lids off the tin cans by throwing them against the wall.
The piano is missing.
The picture that comes complete with a 10-foot tall monster to give you the wim-wams!
The picture's pretty bleak, gentlemen.
The pilot takes his place up in the glass cockpit.
The pin I'm wearing means I'm a member of the IA.
The pitcher flang the ball again and this time the batter connected.
The pitcher wound up and he flang the ball at the batter.
The place was Hartford, Connecticut.
The place where optimism most flourishes.
The placebo is proof that there is no real separation between mind and body.
The plastic yoke that holds a six-pack of beer together.
The player should estimate the distance the ball would have traveled if it had not hit the tree and play the ball from there, preferably atop a nice firm tuft of grass.
The players snickered, and even Lasorda had to fight off a laugh.
The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
The plot was the same one that all James Bond books have: An evil person tries to blow up the world, but James Bond kills him and his henchmen and makes love to several attractive women.
The poetry of heroism appeals irresitably to those who don't go to a war, and even more so to those whom the war is making enormously wealthy.
The point is to pick it constructively.
The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad trying to stop yourself going mad.
The polite thing to do has always been to address people as they wish to be addressed, to treat them in a way they think dignified.
The politician is someone who deals in man's problems of adjustment.
The pollution's at that awkward stage.
The poor know that it is money.
The popular view of crime, as far as I can deduce it from the movies and television, is that it is a breaking of a rule by someone who thinks they can get away with that; implicitly, everyone would like to break the rule, but not everyone is arrogant enough to imagine they can get away with it.
The population is, of course, growing.
The population of this country is 200 million.
The porcupine with the sharpest quills gets stuck on a tree more often.
The porter said, I knew Thomson doesn't write counterpoint that way.
The possession of a book becomes a substitute for reading it.
The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist.
The power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
The power to destroy a planet is insignificant when compared to the power of the Force.
The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved to the States respectively, or to the people.
The precise opposite is the case.
The preeminence of a learned man over a worshiper is equal to the preeminence of the moon, at the night of the full moon, over all the stars.
The prejudices people feel about each other disappear when then get to know each other.
The premise is wrong, but the navigation works.
The prettiest women are almost always the most boring, and that is why some people feel there is no God.
The previous statement is true.
The price of greatness is responsibility.
The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday they might force their beliefs on us.
The price of success in philosophy is triviality.
The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side.
The primary cause of failure in electrical appliances is an expired warranty.
The primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.
The primary purpose of the DATA statement is to give names to constants; instead of referring to pi as 3.
The primary requisite for any new tax law is for it to exempt enough voters to win the next election.
The primary theme of SoupCon is communication.
The principles we use to reject other people's code.
The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
The problem for your problem.
The problem has not been corrected.
The problem is that your potential market is very small: there are only around 500 members of Congress, and some of them, such as House Speaker Tip O'Neil, are already too large to fit on normal aircraft.
The problem is the paperwork involved.
The problem is, they usually want the rest of us to die for it too.
The problem of fitting extremely variable-length strings such as names, addresses, and item descriptions into fixed-length records is no trivial matter.
The problem of frog computability has become a critical issue that ranges across all areas of computer science.
The problem that we thought was a problem was, indeed, a problem, but not the problem we thought was the problem.
The problem was so important that they did exactly that.
The problem with any unwritten law is that you don't know where to go to erase it.
The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to get results.
The problem with graduate students, in general, is that they have to sleep every few days.
The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy problems in order to get results.
The problem with most conspiracy theories is that they seem to believe that for a group of people to behave in a way detrimental to the common good requires intent.
The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at toy problems in order to get results.
The problem with the gene pool is that there is no lifeguard.
The problem with this country is that there is no death penalty for incompetence.
The problems of business administration in general, and database management in particular are much to difficult for people that think in IBMese, compounded with sloppy english.
The procedure is simple.
The process by which human knowledge is advanced.
The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business.
The program compiled without an error message, and the program ran like a gentle wind.
The program isn't debugged until the last user is dead.
The program should be directed by the logic within rather than by outward appearances.
The programmer agreed to this.
The programmer made no reply.
The programmer thought for a moment.
The programmers of old were mysterious and profound.
The programmers, now satisfied, began to come in a noon and work to the wee hours of the morning.
The programs, each unique, move through the system like a swift-flowing river.
The proof of the pudding is in the eating.
The proof that IBM didn't invent the car is that it has a steering wheel and an accelerator instead of spurs and ropes, to be compatible with a horse.
The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper thoughts about their neighbours.
The protracted value analysis of algorithms.
The provisions of this statute shall not apply to females weighing less than 90 pounds nor exceeding 200 pounds, nor shall it apply to female horses.
The psychiatrist looked at the patient, confused.
The public demands certainties; it must be told definitely and a bit raucously that this is true and that is false.
The public is an old woman.
The public was supposed to be open-minded to the claims of paleontologists and fundamentalists, as if the two were scientific colleagues.
The public will also all act wisely, as they are also fully cognizant of the subtle nature of net society.
The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not engineers.
The pyramid is opening!
The queen knew she had seen his face someplace before, And slowly she let him inside.
The question is rather: if we ever succeed in making a mind 'of nuts and bolts', how will we know we have succeeded?
The question is, said Alice, whether you can make words mean so many different things.
The question is, what did the archbishop find?
The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president?
The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for the second god coefficient.
The question of the existence of views in the absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader.
The question of whether computers can think is just like the question of whether submarines can swim.
The question to ask next is what list it is.
The question which divides us is whether it is crazy enough to have a chance of being correct.
The questions remain the same.
The rabbit ran his paws all over the snake.
The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet.
The radiation falling on Heaven will heat it to the point where the heat lost by radiation is just equal to the heat received by radiation, i.
The railroad company won the case, and the president of the company complimented the old-timer for his story.
The railroad don't run no more.
The rate at which a disease spreads through a corn field is a precise measurement of the speed of blight.
The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the illiterates can read.
The reader this message encounters not failing to understand is cursed.
The real problem with hunting elephants is carrying the decoys.
The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
The real reason large families benefit society is because at least a few of the children in the world shouldn't be raised by beginners.
The real reason psychology is hard is that psychologists are trying to do the impossible.
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.
The reason ESP, for example, is not considered a viable topic in contemoprary psychology is simply that its investigation has not proven fruitful.
The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.
The reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of thirty-five.
The reason it's called Grape Nuts is that it contains dextrose, which is also sometimes called grape sugar, and also because Grape Nuts is catchier, in terms of marketing, than A Cross Between Gerbil Food and Gravel, which is what it tastes like.
The reason surgeons wear masks.
The reason that every major university maintains a department of mathematics is that it's cheaper than institutionalizing all those people.
The reason there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side has all the facts.
The reason they're called wisdom teeth is that the experience makes you wise.
The reason we find only robust persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the others who have tried it.
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.
The rebel army was captured on its way through the mountains.
The relative importance of files depends on their cost in terms of the human effort needed to regenerate them.
The release of emotion is what keeps us health.
The religious factions that are growing throughout our land are not using their religious clout with wisdom.
The remaining three folios are now in the British Museum.
The removal of bruises on a banana.
The replacement of a working component by a new version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and efficient test cases will usually be available.
The reply came, fading towards the end, NO!
The reply will discuss the one you are least interested, and say nothing about the other.
The reported resort to astrology in the White House has occasioned much merriment.
The response was, 'Perhaps you could try to be less abusive.
The rest cheat in Europe.
The rest he covered with hair.
The rest is done with mirrors.
The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
The result of shutting down a production line.
The result, as Ovid says, is a big pile.
The result: Since pseudocode - unlike real code - doesn't have to be maintained, no one will maintain it.
The results blacked out 1400 homes and, of course, one raccoon.
The reverse side also has a reverse side.
The revolution will not be televised.
The reward for working hard is more hard work.
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
The rhino is a homely beast, For human eyes he's not a feast.
The rich and powerful know that he is.
The rich get it in the summer and the poor get it in the winter.
The rich get rich, and the poor get poorer.
The rides are dilapidated to the point of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent little children.
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.
The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and upon the successful management of which so much remains.
The ripest fruit falls first.
The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
The road to Hades is easy to travel.
The road to hell is paved with NAND gates.
The road to ruin is always in good repair, and the travellers pay the expense of it.
The road was long and there were many obstacles along the way, robbers to be overcome, hard terrain to cross.
The root of all superstition is that men observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses.
The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.
The rule is, jam to-morrow and jam yesterday, but never jam today.
The rule on staying alive as a forecaster is to give 'em a number or give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
The rule on staying alive as a program manager is to give 'em a number or give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
The rules of programming are transitory; only the Tao is eternal.
The sailor cried out There's a beautiful.
The salary of the chief executive of the large corporation is not a market award for achievement.
The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the forest, hunting bear.
The salesman slammed the door closed and grinned at his friend.
The salient characteristic of an imbedded system is that it cannot be allowed to get into a state from which only direct intervention will suffice to remove it.
The same clerk hurries over to him and says, Sir, I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but your check was returned for insufficient funds.
The same is true of money.
The same is true of the recent spate of alleged UFO abductees.
The same middle name.
The same people who doubt experts can also believe any quackery, from the benefits of laetrile to eye of newt to the movment of planets.
The savior becomes the victim.
The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse.
The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.
The second best policy is dishonesty.
The second category are the neighbors of anyone who happens to be accused of the crime.
The second is justification of herself by accusation of you.
The second myth of management is that success equals skill.
The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, I'm not sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by experiment.
The second thing you've got to do is speak in a southern drawl.
The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.
The secret of healthy hitchhiking is to eat junk food.
The secret of life is to look good at a distance.
The secret of success is sincerity.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
The sendmail configuration file is one of those files that looks like someone beat their head on the keyboard.
The senior class president, Barnard-bound come autumn, tells Mom she's going out to a movie one night and stays out.
The servant said My master is out.
The servants gone to a distant planet.
The seven deadly sins.
The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he reported to Fafhrd: I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.
The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth, and sixth years.
The several sects perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.
The shape I've selected is a triangle.
The sheep died in the wool.
The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.
The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
The short form is what the Internal Revenue Service calls simplified, which means it is designed for people who need the help of a Sears tax-preparation expert to distinguish between their first and last names.
The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.
The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
The shouter comments, That must have been a mathematician.
The sign said Breakfast Anytime.
The simple rights, the civil liberties from generations of struggle must not be just fine words for patriotic holidays, words we subvert on weekdays, but living, honored rules of conduct amongst us.
The simplest questions are the most profound.
The single most important word in the world.
The sirens got louder and louder.
The site has also installed a new throttle on the network pipe, allowing at most four clients at the same time, thus making a new crash less likely.
The six great gifts of an Irish girl are beauty, soft voice, sweet speech, wisdom, needlework, and chastity.
The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
The sixties were good to you, weren't they?
The skeptic's role is to point out claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidcence and to provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with the accepted body of scientific evidence.
The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
The smallness of it is what's attractive.
The smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we played.
The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing, And surly Winter grimly flies.
The so-called desktop metaphor of today's workstations is instead an airplane-seat metaphor.
The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the rationalizations of the victors.
The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy.
The sociologist's opinion was that it is absolutely and categorically unforgivable for a married man to forfeit the bond of matrimony, and engage in such lowly and lustful pursuits.
The software is a multi-faceted as a diamond and as convoluted as a primeval jungle.
The software is self-consistent and easy-to-use.
The software requires that your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then interfaced to your computer.
The software with no visible means of support.
The soldier came knocking upon the queen's door.
The soloist was of uniformly low standard and next morning the music critic of Le Figaro wrote: There was a strange concert at the Salle Gaveau last night.
The solution of problems is the most characteristic and peculiar sort of voluntary thinking.
The solution of this problem is trivial and is left as an exercise for the reader.
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
The solution, if any, to a class of Mascheroni construction problems in which given algorithms require geometrical representation using only the 35 basic ideograms of the ANSI template.
The song is called 'Ways and Means': but that's only what it is called you know!
The song really is A-sitting on a Gate: and the tune's my own invention.
The sooner all the animals are extinct, the sooner we'll find their money.
The sooner our happiness together begins, the longer it will last.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.
The sooner you make your first 5000 mistakes, the sooner you will be able to correct them.
The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.
The sound made by a well bred duck.
The sound of a noun could distrub the plowing, and then, my dear, you'd be put in the pound.
The sounds of the nouns are mostly unbound.
The southern roads were still five feet between rails.
The spark-gap is mightier than the pen.
The speaker's dull; the subject's deep.
The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.
The spinning disks made the whole computer jump, and finally it crashed through the floor to the basement.
The spirit and intent of the program should be retained throughout.
The spirit of Plato dies hard.
The sprung doors parted and I staggered out into the lobby's teak and flicker.
The spurious Street o' Walls!
The square kicks some cats are on stay with them; The hip bits, like, go down under; so let it lay with Caesar.
The squeezing of fruit into 10 columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP.
The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable.
The star of riches is shining upon you.
The starchy, edible tuber of a widely cultivated plant.
The stars are made of the same atoms as the earth.
The starter motor requires large quantities of smoke to operate properly, and that's why the wire going to it is so large.
The startled cat fled in fear for its life.
The startling truth finally became apparent, and it was this: Numbers written on restaurant checks within the confines of restaurants do not follow the same mathematical laws as numbers written on any other pieces of paper in any other parts of the Universe.
The state law of Pennsylvania prohibits singing in the bathtub.
The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
The state of mind of elderly persons with whom one happens to disagree.
The statements are, therefore, confined to BEGIN, END and STOP.
The statistician: Hey, calm down, it's not significant.
The steady state of disks is full.
The story you are about to hear is true.
The street preacher looked so baffled When I asked him why he dressed With forty pounds of headlines Stapled to his chest.
The streets were dark with something more than night.
The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to defend it.
The strong give up and move away, while the weak give up and stay.
The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence.
The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and is an emerging underachiever.
The student replied That's the mouse.
The study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-elephant biology.
The stuff that I can drink all day Until my mem'ry melts away.
The stuff that Joe's Bar has on tap, With golden base and snowy cap.
The subject engaging them was she.
The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets.
The sudden voice of the stewardess on the plane's intercom, finally woke the bruiser, and Moishe, his heart in his mouth, rose to the occasion.
The sum of the Universe is zero.
The sum of the intelligence of the world is constant.
The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness.
The super-user's going to boot me!
The superfluous is very necessary.
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The surest poison is time.
The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.
The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife.
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
The surest way to remain a winner is to win once, and then not play any more.
The swiftness of her response puzzled him.
The system is going to crash.
The system was down for backups from 5am to 10am last Saturday.
The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
The tank holds 20 gallons, but at the moment is only three-quarters full.
The teacher explained what his son had said and demanded an explanation.
The teacher was aghast and promptly changed the subject to geography.
The teeth that bite, the nails And the red bank bayonne.
The telephone is a good way to talk to people without having to offer them a drink.
The temperature of Heaven can be rather accurately computed from available data.
The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.
The term fire brings up visions of violence and mayhem and the ugly scene of shooting employees who make mistakes.
The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.
The terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
The test of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
The theory that the effects of cerebral atrophy can be reversed through the purging action of heavy alcohol consumption.
The thing that puzzles you, he said, is an accepted saying that happens to be impossible.
The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is even highly probable.
The things I worry about don't happen.
The things most worth reading are precisely those that challenge our convictions.
The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.
The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded, Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either.
The thirteenth month of the year.
The thought is frightening.
The three best things about going to school are June, July, and August.
The thrill is here, but it won't last long You'd better have your fun before it moves along.
The time for action is past!
The time for all Whos who have blood that is red to come to the aid of their country!
The time is right to make new friends.
The time was the 19th of May, 1780.
The time when men of reason go to bed.
The town's up in arms, but just before the police take action, the kids turn up.
The trailing edge of software technology.
The train stopped running years ago.
The tree in which the sap is stagnant remains fruitless.
The tree of research must from time to time be refreshed with the blood of bean counters.
The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
The trick is to make one with none.
The trick of retiring well may be the trick of living well.
The trick was to make these calls at noon, in the hope that out-to-lunch executives would return them at their own expense.
The trouble is that conduct is almost always based upon some belief, and that to change the hearer's belief will generally to some extent change his conduct, and may even evoke conduct that the law forbids.
The trouble is, there is an endless supply of White Men, but there has always been a limited number of Human Beings.
The trouble with a lot of self-made men is that they worship their creator.
The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
The trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing more important to do.
The trouble with computers is that they do what you tell them, not what you want.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The trouble with eating Italian food is that five or six days later you're hungry again.
The trouble with heart disease is that the first symptom is often hard to deal with: death.
The trouble with money is it costs too much!
The trouble with opportunity is that it always comes disguised as hard work.
The trouble with superheros is what to do between phone booths.
The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds the other fellow of a dull one.
The trouble with the rat-race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool all of the people all of the time.
The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard to get a whole column out of it.
The trouble with you Is the trouble with me.
The true Southern watermelon is a boon apart, and not to be mentioned with commoner things.
The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense of being more than man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry.
The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great height but just above the ground.
The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
The truth about a woman often lasts longer than the woman is true.
The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
The truth is that Christian theology, like every other theology, is not only opposed to the scientific spirit; it is also opposed to all other attempts at rational thinking.
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
The truth was that Plato knew philosophers couldn't compete successfully with poets.
The truth you speak has no past and no future.
The turnaround time's nineteen weeks.
The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks Which practically conceal its sex.
The two definition immediately foregoing are condensed from the works of one thousand eminent scientists, who have illuminated the subject with a great white light, to the inexpressible advancement of human knowledge.
The two models, however, are not compatible on the same communications line connection.
The two most beautiful words in the English language are Cheque Enclosed.
The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
The two older brothers were discouraged, since they had not thought of this and were unprepared.
The two oldest professions in the world have been ruined by amateurs.
The two party system.
The two things that can get you into trouble quicker than anything else are fast women and slow horses.
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
The typical page layout program is nothing more than an electronic light table for cutting and pasting documents.
The ugly duckling striking back, and she'll decide her fate.
The ultimate bottleneck.
The ultimate game show will be the one where somebody gets killed at the end.
The ultimate, indivisible unit of matter.
The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it, and it was very juicy.
The unfacts, did we have them, are too imprecisely few to warrant our certitude.
The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.
The universe is an island, surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.
The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.
The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent.
The universe, they said, depended for its operation on the balance of four forces which they identified as charm, persuasion, uncertainty and bloody-mindedness.
The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
The unsaid part of what you're thinking.
The urge to destroy is also a creative urge.
The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable that I assume it must be evil.
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offence.
The use of a watch attracts attention, so I reckon time by the number of my breathings, of which there are 15 in a minute.
The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems is a symptom of professional immaturity.
The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
The use of the passive is a particularly nice touch, don't you think?
The user can figure it out.
The user is pleased and there is harmony in the world.
The usual or standard state or manner of something.
The vain attempt to avoid errors by inactivity.
The value of a program is proportional the weight of its output.
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
The value of marriage is not that adults produce children, but that children produce adults.
The vast majority of successful major crimes against property are perpetrated by individuals abusing positions of trust.
The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes the worst cigars.
The very best person they can possibly be.
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common.
The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
The vet was later fined L140 for starting a fire in a manner surprising to the magistrates.
The vice-presidency ain't worth a pitcher of warm spit.
The vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that high aims are worth-while.
The visibility was poor with patchy fog, so the Captain remained on the bridge keeping an eye on all activities.
The vision raised its head, And with a look made of all sweet accord, Answered, The names of those who love the Lord.
The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks, dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack.
The voters have spoken, the bastards.
The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.
The wages of sin are unreported.
The warders had not, however, noticed the gaping holes in the wall because they were covered with posters.
The warlord asked the programmer: Which is easier to design: an accounting package or an operating system?
The warlord of Wu nodded and smiled.
The warlord uttered an exclamation of disbelief.
The waste disposal apparatus is located to the rear of this central section.
The watchmen, going the rounds of the city, met me; they struck me and wounded me; the watchmen on the walls took away my cloak.
The water was not fit to drink.
The way I understand it, the Russians are sort of a combination of evil and incompetence.
The way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage on the credulity of human nature.
The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones.
The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.
The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
The way to a man's stomach is through his esophagus.
The way to fight a woman is with your hat.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.
The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.
The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful.
The weatherman said I don't understand it.
The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
The whole idea is to get where you don't need it.
The whole of life is futile unless you consider it as a sporting proposition.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts.
The whole world is a scab.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
The whole world is about three drinks behind.
The wife turned and smiled at her companion.
The windowing system preferred by masochists 3 to 1.
The wise instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the attractions the study has for himself.
The wise man seeks everything in himself; the ignorant man tries to get everything from somebody else.
The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous!
The woman looks him up and down; he's wearing a nice suit and some pretty nice jewelry, but she has trouble believing this story.
The woman says Oh, gee.
The woman who gives herself takes all your time.
The wombat lives across the seas, Among the far Antipodes.
The wombat, determined not to be had the better of again, threw its bulk into the fray.
The wonderful thing about a dancing bear is not how well he dances, but that he dances at all.
The word 'cybernetic' is a lot more apropos.
The word computer professionals use when they mean idiot.
The word ended in a gasp of pain.
The words I am sorry and I am wrong will have totally disappeared from their vocabulary.
The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks like a happy married life.
The world has many unintentionally cruel mechanisms that are not designed for people who walk on their hands.
The world is coming to an end!
The world is coming to an end.
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind.
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
The world is no nursery.
The world is not octal despite DEC.
The world is your exercise-book, the pages on which you do your sums.
The world needs more lerts.
The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.
The world owes you nothing.
The world really isn't any worse.
The world should make a place for shoe salesmen.
The world wants to be cheated, so cheat.
The world wants to be deceived.
The world will end if your message doesn't get through, so post it as many places as you can.
The world will end in 5 minutes.
The world's climates are changing, the mammals are taking over, and we all have a brain about the size of a walnut.
The world's foremost multi-user adventure game.
The world's great men have not commonly been great scholars, nor its great scholars great men.
The world, Lucas said.
The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.
The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
The worst is enemy of the bad.
The worst is not so long as we can say This is the worst.
The worst kind of friend to take home is a girl, because in that case, there is the potential that your parents will lose you not just for the duration of the visit but forever.
The worst part of having success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
The worst part of valor is indiscretion.
The worst punishment I ever endured.
The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them, but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
The would be pilot's friends cried out, Please, please take off now!
The writer of the letter asked a civil question; attack cats, then, only if you can do so with good humor, good taste, and in such a way that your answer will be courteous as well as responsive.
The writers elected Gentleman Jim, the Sparrow's P.
The wrong, it seems, is venial.
The years of peak mental activity are undoubtedly between the ages of four and eighteen.
The young felines are now of respectable size, but they nevertheless follow the hen at her cluckings, and are regularly brooded at night beneath her wings.
The young girl took the ugly frog home and placed him beneath her pillow that night when she retired.
The young lady had an unusual list, Linked in part to a structural weakness.
The youngest, however, had the answer: Promise her anything, but give her our page.
The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
The, uh, snowy mountains are like really cold, eh?
Their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words, user-friendly on the cover.
Their candle gives a single light; They'd rather stay at home at night.
Their conviction results from something deeper than mere gratitude for the computer's conveniences.
Their employment was terminated following a raid in the Midlands in 1967.
Their figures and mine might have balanced, But my wife was too quick on the draw.
Their folks have a lot of explaining to do, if you want my opinion, particularly the mums.
Their hair was long and unkempt and their clothes were wrinkled and old.
Their idea of an offer you can't refuse is an offer.
Their insults are wordy and overblown, but they have talent.
Their inventive gifts are boundless.
Their irritating unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he knows them in the naming.
Their original pride and joy slowly turned to concern however, for after a couple of years the child had never uttered any form of speech.
Their spirit is great and stimulating.
Their stories are shorter.
Their tastes may not be the same.
Their work will be set back by having that test bed change under them.
Them bats is smart; they use radar.
Then I change a single line of code and the difficulties vanish like puffs of idle smoke.
Then I got mantas that sting in the water, Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter, Savage male betas that bite with a squish, Now I have many less tropical fish.
Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot character from Star Wars whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off of while he showers.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.
Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.
Then I met a man who had no feet, so I took his shoes.
Then I open the door slowly, take off my shoes, and tiptoe to our room.
Then I ought to have said That's what the song is called'?
Then I realized who was telling me this.
Then I stay, said Dr.
Then I took one out and he ran around in circles.
Then I want you to go out and purchase a vast array of 8-millimeter video equipment.
Then Papa bought some ducks, not wild ducks but, you know, farm ducks.
Then a man said: Speak to us of Expectations.
Then a slightly shorter silence.
Then along came the first Electrical Pioneer, Benjamin Franklin, who flew a kite in a lighting storm and received a serious electrical shock.
Then bind them to a metaphor or three, and take by force a satisfying mesh.
Then change two, then three more, The others went home.
Then delete their name and add yours to the bottom of the list.
Then each user has periods of productive stability, interrupted by bursts of test-bed change.
Then go : illogical statement with your whole family, 'Cause the Supreme Court ain't the only place with : Bus error views.
Then he covered them up with mud except for their heads.
Then he goes grocery shopping.
Then he looked at himself again.
Then he looked at the dog.
Then he paused and asked the killer question, NOW what's the least popular vegetable?
Then he remembered something else.
Then he remembered something.
Then he whispered, You've been chewing this for two years?
Then he will be perfectly sane, and a quite admirable citizen.
Then here's to the City of Boston, The town of the cries and the groans.
Then how do you know it was me?
Then howcome people can sell Microsoft software and go unpunished?
Then if I were you I'd sue my face for slander.
Then it doesn't matter which way you go, said the Cat.
Then it gives the call, 'Hey, look at all this gold, get over here fast.
Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of adventurous youth.
Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
Then it passes off and I'm as intelligent as ever.
Then it's of external origin?
Then let us not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickel the midriff, its incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
Then make a wrong guess at the next fact; that's science.
Then may I ask, sir, how I may ask you a question?
Then one night it suddenly hatches, discards its outer skin that crumbles into dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable little metal object with flanges at both ends and a sort of ridge and a hole for a screw.
Then one of the men jumped over the counter, but fell to the floor clutching his ankle.
Then shalt thou count to three.
Then she mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service.
Then she will get on with her life.
Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want.
Then that carp passed it to another carp, and all over the river carp appeared and tossed the wallet back and forth.
Then that night, they burned the wheel.
Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back!
Then the bird mounts on the wind and, with the blue sky at its back, returns home.
Then the design will never be completed, he said.
Then the heat made O.
Then the officers received another message.
Then the old shaman said carefully, You didn't just see two men go through upside down on a broomstick, shouting and screaming at each other, did you?
Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.
Then there's the story of the man who avoided reality for 70 years with drugs, sex, alcohol, fantasy, TV, movies, records, a hobby, lots of sleep.
Then they came for the Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.
Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew.
Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.
Then they decided, nah, the hell with that, let's build a home center.
Then they end up with a technological disaster like the Tu-144.
Then they grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, et cetera.
Then they had to invent Scotch whiskey to take away the pain and frustration.
Then they would get embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
Then treat each new situation as though it's a crisis.
Then we rushed forward, shouting The WHO!
Then we tried to remove the tusks.
Then we'd get crucified in the morning.
Then what is magic for?
Then world behind and home ahead, We'll wander back to home and bed.
Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?
Then you must accompany him on the piano, said the boy's father, and it will be a sell out.
Then you put the rest of it back on the tray and bite another one and go, Darn it!
Then you'd see the primate teenager stomp up to his branch and slam the leaves.
Then, a redneck went up to Hakuin and vaporized the old Master with his shotgun.
Then, gently touching my face, she hesitated for a moment as her incredible eyes poured forth into mine love, joy, pain, tragedy, acceptance, and peace.
Then, he took off his shirt and she took off her blouse.
Then, if also an S and an I and a G And an HED spell side, There's nothing much left for a speller to do But to go commit siouxeyesighed.
Then, if problems continue, open the third envelope.
Then, on the third day, I heard a knock.
Then, the paper reports The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin colony and overfly it.
Then, using Logo's graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this side of the Great Beyond to write programs.
Theorem: All horses have an infinite number of legs.
Theorem: All positive integers are equal.
Theorem: If I can't open these cans, I'll die.
Theorem: a cat has nine tails.
Theoretical physicists think they're mathematicians.
Theory is gray, but the golden tree of life is green.
There Beren came from mountains colds, And lost he wandered under leaves, And where the Elven-river rolled He walked alone and sorrowing.
There ain't no rule that says they got to care.
There appears to be irrefutable evidence that the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
There are 188,000 in hospitals, insane asylums, etc.
There are 22 million who are employed by the government, which leaves 19 million to do the work.
There are a few things that never go out of style, and a feminine woman is one of them.
There are a finite number of jokes in the universe.
There are a lot of lies going around.
There are also many highly paid executives.
There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
There are always alternatives.
There are an awful lot of people in management who really don't want subordinates to do their best, because it gets to be very threatening.
There are at present no plans to replace it, since it was never really needed in the first place.
There are bugs and then there are bugs.
There are certain things men must do to remain men.
There are few bad musicians who have a chance to give a recital at a famous concert hall while still learning the rudiments of their instrument.
There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure to be thought so.
There are fishes in the sea.
There are four stages to a marriage.
There are honest journalists like there are honest politicians.
There are lumps in it.
There are many examples of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies, but they prevailed with irrefutable data.
There are many highly successful businesses in the United States.
There are many intelligent species in the universe, and they all own cats.
There are many of us in this old world of ours who hold that things break about even for all of us.
There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal friend.
There are more dead people than living, and their numbers are increasing.
There are more lawyers than rats.
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
There are more things in heaven and earth than any place else.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.
There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.
There are ninety thousand people in this world who do not think, for every one who does, and these people hate the thinkers like poison.
There are no absolute continuums.
There are no accidents whatsoever in the universe.
There are no answers, only cross references.
There are no answers, only cross-references.
There are no data that cannot be plotted on a straight line if the axis are chosen correctly.
There are no emotional victims, only volunteers.
There are no games on this system.
There are no good ways.
There are no great men, buster.
There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet.
There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
There are no rules for March.
There are no straight lines.
There are no surfaces.
There are no threads in a.
There are no winners in life, only survivors.
There are not as many people actually working as you may have thought.
There are not stars enough in heaven.
There are only two kinds of tequila.
There are only two things in this world that I am sure of, death and taxes, and we just might do something about death one of these days.
There are people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.
There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so people who find nothing odd about it.
There are permutations and aberrations discernible to minds entirely noble like mine; subtle variations which ordinary accountants fail to discover; hidden laws of number which it requires a mind like mine to perceive.
There are pitchers who would win 20 games a season.
There are places I'll remember All my life though some have changed.
There are running jobs.
There are seven windows in the head, two nostrils, two ears, two eyes, and a mouth; so in the heavens there are two favorable stars, two unpropitious, two luminaries, and Mercury alone undecided and indifferent.
There are skid marks in front of the dog.
There are some good people in it, but the orchestra as a whole is equivalent to a gang bent on destruction.
There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both plants and animals.
There are some things worth dying for.
There are still too many people and too many stares, always taunting, always smirking.
There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life is the process of discovering them over and over and over.
There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for wonder.
There are three infallible ways of pleasing an author, and the three form a rising scale of compliment: 1, to tell him you have read one of his books; 2, to tell him you have read all of his books; 3, to ask him to let you read the manuscript of his forthcoming book.
There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.
There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; someone loaded Star Trek 3.
There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be offered: entertainment, food, and affection.
There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and engineers.
There are three reasons for becoming a writer: the first is that you need the money; the second that you have something to say that you think the world should know; the third is that you can't think what to do with the long winter evenings.
There are three rules for writing a novel.
There are three schools of magic.
There are three things men can do with women: love them, suffer for them, or turn them into literature.
There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is one of them.
There are too many bad ones.
There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of dishonourable behaviour.
There are twelve inches in a ruler.
There are twenty-five people left in the world, and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies.
There are two kinds of fool.
There are two kinds of pedestrians.
There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: passive systems collect the sunlight that hits your home, and active systems collect the sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX.
There are two problems with a major hangover.
There are two types of Linux developers - those who can spell, and those who can't.
There are two types of people in this world, good and bad.
There are two ways of constructing a software design.
There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
There are worse things in life than death.
There are, in fact, whole neighborhoods that are zoned only for blond people.
There be sober men a'plenty, and drunkards barely twenty; there are men of over ninety who have never yet kissed a girl.
There behind the glass there's a real blade of grass, Be careful as you pass, move along, move along.
There but for the grace of God, goes God.
There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
There can be no twisted thought without a twisted molecule.
There cannot be a crisis next week.
There comes a time in the affairs of a man when he has to take the bull by the tail and face the situation.
There comes a time to stop being angry.
There comes to all races an ultimate crisis which you have yet to face.
There goes the good time that was had by all.
There had been a fight.
There has also been some work to allow the interesting use of macro names.
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.
There has been a little distress selling on the stock exchange.
There has been a recent population explosion of lerts.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
There has been some confusion concerning MAPCAR.
There have been dozens of well-designed tests all around the world, and astrology has failed every one of them.
There is Jackson standing like a stone wall.
There is a Massachusetts law requiring all dogs to have their hind legs tied during the month of April.
There is a building with four floors.
There is a certain frame of mind to which a cemetery is, if not an antidote, at least an alleviation.
There is a certain impertinence in allowing oneself to be burned for an opinion.
There is a constant pitched battle between the two.
There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between prejudice and postjudice.
There is a fly on your nose.
There is a good deal of solemn cant about the common interests of capital and labour.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
There is a multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.
There is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish.
There is a sense of harmony about such an accomplishment, the Peace brought by something worth-while.
There is a simple memory aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order chocolate dishes: any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the proper time for chocolate.
There is a slight loss of parity.
There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.
There is a time in the tides of men, Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
There is a vast difference between the savage and civilized man, but it is never apparent to their wives until after breakfast.
There is always an easier way to do it.
There is always an official executioner.
There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling somebody out.
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
There is always something new out of Africa.
There is an exception to all laws.
There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
There is an old custom among my people.
There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
There is an order of things in this universe.
There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
There is brutality and there is honesty.
There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper.
There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
There is in certain living souls A quality of loneliness unspeakable, So great it must be shared As company is shared by lesser beings.
There is is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home.
There is literally a world of difference between Poland - even in its present state of collapse - and Soviet society at the peak of its glasnost.
There is more simplicity in the man who eats caviar on impulse than in the man who eats Grape-Nuts on principle.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
There is never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.
There is no Father Christmas.
There is no act of treachery or mean-ness of which a political party is not capable; for in politics there is no honour.
There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law.
There is no bottom to worse.
There is no character, howsoever good and fine, but it can be destroyed by ridicule, howsoever poor and witless.
There is no choice before us.
There is no comfort without pain; thus we define salvation through suffering.
There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
There is no dark side of the moon.
There is no delight the equal of dread.
There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.
There is no distinctly American criminal class except Congress.
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
There is no doubt that my lawyer is honest.
There is no education that is not political.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.
There is no fool to the old fool.
There is no free lunch.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
There is no greater mistake than to call arithmetic an exact science.
There is no grief which time does not lessen and soften.
There is no heavier burden than a great potential.
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
There is no known cure.
There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
There is no more powerful ally one can claim in a debate than Jesus Christ, or God, or Allah, or whatever one calls this supreme being.
There is no music in space.
There is no need to do any housework at all.
There is no need to touch the lines, he said.
There is no opinion so absurd that some philosopher will not express it.
There is no other employee with whom I can adequately compare him.
There is no other way for us.
There is no point in paying other people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up yourself for far less money.
There is no point in waiting.
There is no position on which people are so immovable as their religious beliefs.
There is no problem a good miracle can't solve.
There is no proverb that is not true.
There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the tools to attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not abuse it.
There is no religion in the world that has any other basis than hearsay evidence.
There is no royal road to geometry.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it.
There is no security on this earth.
There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everbody speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
There is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise.
There is no sin but ignorance.
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
There is no such thing as a fun salad.
There is no such thing as a houseplant.
There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.
There is no such thing as brutal honesty.
There is no such thing as fortune.
There is no such thing as inner peace.
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
There is not much to choose between a woman who deceives us for another, and a woman who deceives another for ourselves.
There is nothing good in war.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary building.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.
There is nothing new under the sun, but there are lots of old things we don't know yet.
There is nothing so deadly as not to hold up to people the opportunity to do great and wonderful things, if we wish to stimulate them in an active way.
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly.
There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who comes to visit.
There is nothing which cannot be answered by means of my doctrine, said a monk, coming into a teahouse where Nasrudin sat.
There is nothing wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure.
There is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation.
There is nothing wrong with writing.
There is now, came the reply.
There is only nervousness or death.
There is only one solution, he says.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
There is only one way to console a widow.
There is only one word for aid that is genuinely without strings, and that word is blackmail.
There is only opportunity.
There is perhaps in every thing of any consequence, secret history, which it would be amusing to know, could we have it authentically communicated.
There is something fascinating about science.
There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.
There is something you must understand about the Soviet system.
There is such a fine line between genius and stupidity.
There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.
There is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon, however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable.
There is, indeed, no wild beast more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate.
There may be an arsenal of cracks and malware, but nobody ever uses them.
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm sure looking.
There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who constantly divide the people of the world into two classes and those who do not.
There may be telnet, rlogin, and ftp, but these don't access any hosts.
There might be a law against it by that time.
There must be at least 500,000,000 rats in the United States; of course, I never heard the story before.
There must be more to life than having everything.
There must be some mistake, he said, are you not a greater computer than the Milliard Gargantubrain which can count all the atoms in a star in a millisecond?
There must be some mistake, the salesman said.
There never was a good war or a bad peace.
There on terminal number 9, Waitin' here in CERAS-land.
There once was a Sailor who looked through a glass And spied a fair mermaid with scales on her.
There once was a man who went to a computer trade show.
There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs.
There once was this swami who lived above a delicatessan.
There remains the possibility that it may someday be valuable again.
There sat his lover with an infant on her lap!
There seems no plan because it is all plan.
There seems to be universal acceptance of that idea in the nation.
There shall be shown a token That Doom is near at hand, For Isildur's Bane shall waken, And the Halfling forth shall stand.
There should be a process for them to challenge any inaccuracies.
There should be neither too little nor too much, neither needless loops nor useless variables, neither lack of structure nor overwhelming rigidity.
There was a Frenchman who talked funny and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the crunch he was all courage.
There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
There was a college student trying to earn some pocket money by going from house to house offering to do odd jobs.
There was a computer in every doorknob.
There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we were doing was right, that we were winning.
There was a little girl Who had a little curl Right in the middle of her forehead.
There was a long silence.
There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes.
There was a phone call for you.
There was a time they could cry over books, But time has set its maggot on their track.
There was a vague, unpleasant manginess about his appearence; he somehow seemed dirty, though a close glance showed him as carefully shaven as an actor, and clad in immaculate linen.
There was a writer in 'Life' magazine.
There was a young girl on the street and he conceived the idea of asking her where he had moved to, saying, Excuse me, perhaps you know me.
There was an interesting development in the CBS-Westmoreland trial: both sides agreed that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him during the trial.
There was an old Indian belief that by making love on the hide of their favorite animal, one could guarantee the health and prosperity of the offspring conceived thereupon.
There was energy, softness, grace and laughter.
There was first a game of blindman's buff.
There was just a moment of silence before the woman proceeded bravely on.
There was madness in any direction, at any hour.
There was no difference between the behavior of a god and the operations of pure chance.
There was nothing I hated more than to see a filthy old drunkie, a howling away at the sons of his father and going blurp blurp in between as if it were a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts.
There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen; it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of tone, skilful handling of the subject, fine shading.
There was once a man who, not being able to find any other fault with his coal, complained that there were too many prehistoric toads in it.
There was once a programmer who was attached to the court of the warlord of Wu.
There was once a programmer who worked upon microprocessors.
There was this New Yorker that had a lifelong ambition to be an Texan.
There was, it appeared, a mysterious rite of initiation through which, in one way or another, almost every member of the team passed.
There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when the boss asks for a lift home from the office.
There will be a convention held in the Women's Club which is strictly for Men.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
There would be a great increase in broken arms, legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the loss to humanity.
There you go man, Keep as cool as you can.
There'll be Italian shoes for me!
There'll be good times again for me and you, But we just can't stay together, don't you feel it too?
There'll be no one left to blame us.
There's BIGGER DEALS to come!
There's a VW Bug in your driveway.
There's a bad moon on the rise.
There's a couple of million dollars worth of baseball talent on the loose, ready for the big leagues, yet unsigned by any major league.
There's a fine line between courage and foolishness.
There's a footprint in the mayo.
There's a knob called brightness, but it doesn't seem to work.
There's a lot to be said for not saying a lot.
There's a provision in the Constitution that says you can't close your borders to interstate commerce, and garbage is a form of interstate commerce.
There's a singular and a perpetual charm in a letter of yours; it never grows old, it never loses its novelty.
There's a thrill in store for all for we're about to toast The corporation that we represent.
There's a trick to the Graceful Exit.
There's a way out of any cage.
There's a whole WORLD in a mud puddle!
There's always been Tower of Babel sort of bickering inside Unix, but this is the most extreme form ever.
There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.
There's always one more bug.
There's amnesia in a hangknot, And comfort in the ax, But the simple way of poison will make your nerves relax.
There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There's enough money here to buy 5000 cans of Noodle-Roni!
There's good news and bad news.
There's got to be a better way.
There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.
There's just something I don't like about Virginia; the state.
There's lotsa beers and doughnuts for everyone, eh?
There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
There's no easy quick way out, we're gonna have to live through our whole lives, win, lose, or draw.
There's no future in time travel.
There's no heavier burden than a great potential.
There's no honorable way to kill, no gentle way to destroy.
There's no justice in this world.
There's no place like home.
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
There's no saint like a reformed sinner.
There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know what you're talking about.
There's no sense in trying to learn Martian over the phone.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
There's no such thing as an original sin.
There's no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
There's no time like the pleasant.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.
There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.
There's not even a suggestion of a solid.
There's nothing foolish in loving anyone.
There's nothing in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead armadillos.
There's nothing like a girl with a plunging neckline to keep a man on his toes.
There's nothing like good food, good wine, and a bad girl.
There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
There's nothing remarkable about it.
There's nothing sadder.
There's nothing that I wouldn't do If you would be my POSSLQ.
There's nothing there.
There's nothing to it.
There's nothing to writing.
There's nothing very mysterious about you, except that nobody really knows your origin, purpose, or destination.
There's nothing worse for your business than extra Santa Clauses smoking in the men's room.
There's nothing wrong with teenagers that reasoning with them won't aggravate.
There's one consolation about matrimony.
There's one fool at least in every married couple.
There's only one everything.
There's only one kind of woman.
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
There's small choice in rotten apples.
There's so little hope for advancement.
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
There's something the technicians need to learn from the artists.
There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
There's terribly little gets done.
There's too much beauty upon this earth for lonely men to bear.
There's two footprints in the mayo.
There's very little call for those up there.
There, that ought to patch it.
There, that's it: 24 words.
Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
Therefore fire engines are red.
Therefore it came as a great shock to them when, just as their journey was ending, he abruptly wore out.
Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
Therefore the Guru programs without doing anything and teaches without saying anything.
Therefore you have few friends.
Therefore you must contemplate the Tao before you receive enlightenment.
Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.
Therefore, I affirm both.
Therefore, Space and Time are the Yin and Yang of programming.
Therefore, a cat has nine tails.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.
Therefore, all horses are black.
Therefore, all men are Socrates.
Therefore, each factory needing keyboards, no matter how few, manufactures them completely, even molding the keypads.
Therefore, grab for a piece of the pie, with whatever proposals you can conceive of to try.
Therefore, horses have an infinite number of legs.
Therefore, horses must have an infinite number of legs.
Therefore, if you can't get them together again, there must be a reason.
Therefore, laughing at evil means not preparing oneself to combat it, and laughing at good means denying the power through which good is self-propagating.
Therefore, users tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space.
Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise, he is not acting from political motivation.
Therefore, you'd think that colleges which train the bright young women who're going to marry the bright young men who are going to own the Cadillacs that roar back and forth across this continent would teach the girls to read maps.
These are great mysteries.
These are the inheritors of the Universe!
These are the sort of people who want to appear wiser than the laws, who want to get their own way in every general discussion, because they feel that they cannot show off their intelligence in matters of greater importance, and who, as a result, very often bring ruin on their country.
These are the things I learned: Share everything.
These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
These are your hammers, maces, bludgeons, and truncheons.
These be the words that tell the way: Here he lies who piped 64K, Brought down the machine for nearly a day, And Rogue playing to an awful standstill.
These can also be applied to non-physical objects, such as data structures.
These days the necessities of life cost you about three times what they used to, and half the time they aren't even fit to drink.
These days, she say, I feel my life just like a river running through The Year of the Cat.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire to crudeness.
These economic downturns are very difficult to predict, but sophisticated econometric modeling houses like Data Resources and Chase Econometrics have successfully predicted 14 of the last 3 recessions.
These four plus four more begin to represent a creative meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as many.
These generally go for six hundred thousand.
These get stored away to be used next time.
These good people feel that there is an almost indecent nakedness, a reversion to barbarism, in saying No news is good news instead of The absence of intelligence is an indication of satisfactory developments.
These have always looked out of their windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
These laws were written down sometime in the 13th century, but date back even down into Viking times.
These leaders gush over Gorbachev, hoping to do business with the Soviet Union or appease it.
These men are better than I'd thought.
These observations should be confined to persons of middle age.
These people are the victims of their own stereotypes.
These people love fast cars.
These restrictions were and are reasonable for places that just want to run the system, but don't allow many of the things that Minix was written for, like study of the source in classes, or by individuals not in a university or company.
These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
These times, those times.
These two plus two more will produce half again as many ideas.
These virtues awakened Confidence and enabled you to handle Bigger Propositions.
They Went In People and Came Out Hamburger!
They all fought amongst themselves and each went about their own way.
They all had their day What's a young poet to do?
They all sit down, flap their arms and make jet swooshing sounds as if they are flying.
They all spoke different languages.
They also serve who only stand and wait.
They also surf who only stand on waves.
They amble up to your camp site, and their attitude is: We're wild horses.
They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn will cause massive un- employment in the already severely depressed agricultural industry.
They are a very effective method for demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking sentence!
They are alive within the Tao.
They are all alike founded on fables and mythology.
They are called computers simply because computation is the only significant job that has so far been given to them.
They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.
They are cut way below the ankles, have pictures of clouds on them, and have a big fuzzy ball on the back.
They are destined to view the world of science with a set of blinders.
They are fools that think otherwise.
They are fools that think that wealth or women or strong drink or even drugs can buy the most in effort out of the soul of a man.
They are greatly distended, he has eyelashes, and his eyelids move, and cosequently his brain is in a state of constant irritation and distraction.
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
They are less allowed than allowed transitions, if you see what I mean.
They are manifestations of a well-established anti-science tendency in the U.
They are not counted mentally, but are punctuated by pressing with 15 fingers successively.
They are probably avoiding a great deal of pain.
They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
They are so much younger than they used to be when I was their age.
They are the academic equivalent of the 'listening material' that fills waiting-rooms, and the 'eating material' that you can buy in thousands of convenient eating resource centers along the roads.
They are tricky and the action gets tough, so watch out!
They are trying to force government leaders into following their position 100 percent.
They asked the question, Is there a God?
They assumed we must be having problems with them too.
They attack us and each other, and whatever their protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear that they are easily disposed to restore to the sword.
They behaved badly and were unconcerned with appearances.
They belong to the same union.
They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face.
They buy gourmet baking soda.
They call Alabama the Crimson Tide, Call me Deacon Blues.
They call them squares because it's the most complicated shape they can deal with.
They can always swear they're deaf, dumb and blind.
They can charge for oxygen.
They can conserve fuel by ejecting husky passengers over water.
They can hire pilots right out of Vending Machine Refill Person School.
They can only give you answers.
They can ram competing planes in mid-air.
They can show snuff movies.
They chanced to collide head-on in a clearing.
They come and go without knowing limitations.
They consider life absurd, an accidental coincidence.
They could apply to anyone and anything.
They crashed out hospitality suites and they made rude noises during my presentation.
They demand devotion and obedience.
They deserve honorable, slow deaths.
They did PILLS in SKIMPY GRASS SKIRTS.
They discussed Einstein's theory of relativity for hours.
They do not keep awake till three, Nor read erotic poetry.
They don't have sexual hangups.
They don't know how the world is shaped.
They don't respect us, And see what happens.
They don't write in anything less portable than a number two pencil.
They drove to the airport, forced their way on board a large passenger jet, and found there was no pilot on board.
They eat Twinkies and Szechwan food.
They enjoy hacking their code and don't waste time implementing labor-saving shell scripts.
They exchanged jokes and poems, and clever new hacks, And prompts that were cute or risque'.
They exercise precautions to avoid contamination by last year's fashions.
They figured that with every design, they were getting a better engineer.
They finally got King Midas, I hear.
They gather on the tarmac, arguing constantly about what kind of plane they want to build and how to put it together.
They gave him love and he invented marriage.
They give me cat scratch fever.
They go home for their stuff and tell the folks not to worry but they'll be going now.
They got a name for the winners in the world, I want a name when I lose.
They got into everything.
They got surfin', too!
They grappled briefly, but the struggle was kicked apart by an oriental woman who seemed to be in control.
They had done too many things wrong.
They had got the release date wrong by one day, and caused dozens of eager fans to connect to the sunsite computer at the wrong time.
They had little pictures of cats on them.
They had no choice; the earth really does revolve about the sun.
They had no vital lies.
They had noticed that, whereas everyone else had seven apertures, for sight, hearing, eating, breathing and so on, Chaos had none.
They had the volley of the Dills.
They had to be helped free by the staff and, after thanking everyone, sheepishly left the building.
They had to return empty handed.
They had worked for months gathering one each of every computer that was built.
They hang out and play together for years, virtually inseparable.
They happen to be colored.
They hate strife; indeed they reject it.
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
They have more money.
They have not proved their case.
They have the ability to concentrate all their efforts on a given design, and develop all components simulateously, but sometimes without proper testing.
They have two legs in back and fore legs in front.
They hired the best speech therapists, doctors, psychiatrists, all to no avail.
They just announced on the radio that Dan Quayle was picked as the Republican V.
They just buzzed and buzzed.
They killed the female, autopsied her, and sure enough, found the German and the Pole.
They know how to relax.
They know nothing of the tumult, cacophony, rambunctiousness, and tendentiousness of the actual scientific process, let alone the creativity, passion, and joy of discovery.
They know your name, address, telephone number, credit card numbers, who ELSE is driving the car for insurance,.
They know, deep in their souls, that if she had to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she probably would elect to save the infant's life, without ever considering whether there were men on base.
They last forever, largely because nobody ever eats them.
They laughed at Einstein.
They laughed at the Wright Brothers.
They like their comforts.
They look NICE in the yard.
They love to change things.
They make a desert and call it peace.
They make it with milk, rum and sugar and it's wonderful.
They make more of it every year.
They may be cold, but that's okay!
They may know something that we don't.
They met, discovered they had the same fiancee, and told him.
They never sanction the impure, Nor recognize an overture.
They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
They only think they are.
They only want to count to two.
They presented him the words: And this, too, shall pass away.
They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the applications for.
They promise to build a bridge even where there is no river.
They put in the rum so that people will know what to do with all that pep and vitality.
They rang out clear and clean.
They really don't care what the price is.
They replace your generator.
They say a good programmer can write 20 lines of effective program per day.
They say drapes and we say curtains.
They say president and we say brain damaged git.
They say they have almost succeeded in getting a VAX to think.
They say things they haven't even thought of yet.
They screamed down the mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged rocks.
They seem more afraid of life than death.
They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when not actually threatened.
They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom for trying to change the system from within.
They separate the right from the left, the man from the woman, the plant from the animal, the sun from the moon.
They shackle themselves to racks, they bask in urinals.
They should all fail the same way.
They shrink from powders and from paints.
They spell it da Vinci and pronounce it da Vinchy.
They teach a hundred other useless things, but never a word about the one that will cause the greatest friction.
They tell each passenger how good the real flight will be on these new jets and how much safer it will be than Windows Airlines, but that they will have to wait a little longer for the technicians to finish the flight systems.
They then point with pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy health and ripe years; the truth being that they are hearty and old, not because of their habits, but in spite of them.
They thought it was just a jest and applauded.
They told a tale which was then altogether beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep, breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest anguish.
They told me I was gullible.
They took some of the Van Goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!
They use different words for things in America.
They used Raoul-Mitgong but he wasn't much help.
They used applied physics.
They used betterment incentives.
They used cardio plate crossoffs.
They used finger prints.
They used intimidation.
They used search and seizure.
They used stick tites.
They used techniques of criminology.
They used the bertillion system.
They used to be with the Chicago Bears.
They want the ocean without the roar of its many waters.
They want you to punish them and tell them what the limits are.
They wanted something for nothing.
They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise clear desks.
They wear standard white sweatsocks.
They went rushing down that freeway, Messed around and got lost.
They were all, one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely different way.
They were just the first not to crash.
They were looking for an alck hole.
They were small and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they had stepped out of a painting by Goya.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they each propose to ensure a win.
They weren't looking for a water hole.
They will be so relieved they will welcome her with open arms.
They will not, unfortunately, do us the same courtesy.
They will only cause the lower classes to move about needlessly.
They will print careful, reasoned stories without any errors at all, and surely represent the situation properly to the public.
They worship us and are always bothering us to do something for them.
They wouldn't listen to the fact that I was a genius, The man said We got all that we can use, So I've got those steadily-depressin', low-down, mind-messin', Working-at-the-car-wash blues.
They wouldn't sell very well if they were masculine.
They'd be difficult to like.
They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took their backpacks off and put them inside.
They'll run almost anything.
They'll want a real system and will end up doing VMS when they get to be serious about programming.
They're Over-Exposed But Not Under-Developed!
They're a dime a dozen.
They're always hoping to see you again in the line-up.
They're attracted by what I don't mind.
They're demanding beer.
They're getting energy out of nowhere.
They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
They're great at building model airplanes as well.
They're just badly designed.
They're not like other men.
They're only four dollars apiece.
They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!
They're still living in the fifties.
They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.
They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.
They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
They're unfriendly, which is fortunate, really.
They've been honoring him intermittently ever since, I believe.
They've come To put you under cardiac arrest.
They've found a purpose.
They've just learned to hide in the trees.
They've named a drink Fred?
They've proved they ARE persons, no matter how small.
They've put acid in my rain.
They've stolen our best ideas!
They've stopped making it.
They've taken over my stomach.
TheysaidDoyouseethebiggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehill?
Thieves respect property; they merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
Things are not always what they seem.
Things are not as simple as they seems at first.
Things equal to nothing else are equal to each other.
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold.
Things hitherto undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
Things past redress and now with me past care.
Things that tick are not always clocks.
Things were going badly; there was something wrong in one of the circuits of the long glass-enclosed computer, she said.
Things will be bright in P.
Things will get better despite our efforts to improve them.
Things will get worse before they get better.
Things won't get any better so get used to it.
Things worth having are worth cheating for.
Think about these once in awhile and watch your answers change.
Think honk if you're a telepath.
Think of all the starving children in India.
Think of any three-digit number, then select the corresponding buzzword from each column.
Think of our community as the Galapagos of the English language.
Think of the fox prowling through wood and field in a winter night for something to satisfy his hunger.
Think of the odds we're gonna get on Labor Day.
Think of your family tonight.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say think think click click.
Thinking all this fetid haze Vulgar tongue.
Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a state of mind in which nothing is impossible.
Thinking of oneself gives little happiness.
Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
Thinking you'll be loved in return is what's foolish.
Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time?
Thinly sliced cabbage.
Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses the national attention upon the direction to proceed.
Thirteen at a table is unlucky only when the hostess has only twelve chops.
Thirty days hath Septober, April, June, and no wonder.
Thirty white horses on a red hill, First they champ, Then they stamp, Then they stand still.
This Is One of Everlasting Torment!
This TOPS OFF my partygoing experience!
This above all appeared to Trillian to be genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
This ae nighte, this ae nighte, Everye nighte and alle, Fire and sleet and candlelyte, And Christe receive thy saule.
This allows the garbage collection of significantly more Qs.
This also simplifies modifying the program, should the value of pi change.
This article can help you.
This assembly also contains the central heating plant complete with automatic temperature controls, pumping station and main ventilating system.
This bagbiting system won't let me get out of spacewar.
This bath is too hot.
This bear has learned to open car doors in Yosemite, where damage to automobiles caused by bears runs into the tens of thousands of dollars a year.
This beer never really sold very well because the original manufacturer didn't understand marketing.
This brain-damaged epithet is getting sorely overworked.
This brings me to my present purpose, which is to request elucidation of my instructions from His Majesty's Government so that I may better understand why I am dragging an army over these barren plains.
This can be used as an alternative to the standard system menu.
This candidate would lend balance to a department like yours, which already has so many outstanding members.
This cannot but lead in the end to chaos and confusion.
This causes most people to have to go out and buy bigger refrigerators.
This cerebral spare tire concept continues to nourish the clientele of pop psychologists and their many recycling self-improvement schemes.
This combined with minimalization of open-loop errors in output amplifiers and correct compensation for non-linear passive crossover network loading can lead to a significant decrease in system resolution lost.
This conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is now in the American experience.
This difference has been maintained at great cost by the Poles since 1944.
This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel.
This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobozz Magic Co.
This equation can be applied to charging capacitors, over-damped springs, and the human race in general.
This file contains a lot of quotes from peoples' postings on Usenet.
This file will self-destruct in five minutes.
This format is called 3.
This fortune intentionally left blank.
This fortune intentionally says nothing.
This fortune is dedicated to your mother, without whose invaluable assistance last night would never have been possible.
This fortune is false.
This fortune is inoperative.
This fortune soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.
This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.
This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.
This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.
This generation may be the one that will face Armageddon.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
This grated on the bus driver, who started losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.
This guy runs into his house and yells to his wife, Kathy, pack up your bags!
This happened about thirty years ago to the son of a Rumanian gentleman who was owed a personal favour by Georges Enesco, the celebrated violinist.
This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining.
This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
This here's the wattle, The emblem of our land.
This historic event became the first documented use of core storage for the saving of registers.
This hurts me more than it hurts you.
This instrument really does exist, often played by percussionists!
This is Betty Frenel.
This is Betty Joe Withers.
This is Bob, how are you doing?
This is Dan Cassidy's answering machine.
This is Jim Rockford.
This is Maria, Liberty Bail Bonds.
This is Marilyn Reed, I wanta talk to you.
This is NOT a repeat.
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion, regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys.
This is a good time to punt work.
This is a lot of bunk.
This is a one line proof.
This is a terrible place.
This is a test of the Emergency Broadcast System.
This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.
This is a very serious failure that may even, in a world rigged with 60,000 nuclear weapons, compromise the human future.
This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
This is an especially good time for you vacationers who plan to fly, because the Reagan administration, as part of the same policy under which it recently sold Yellowstone National Park to Wayne Newton, has deregulated the airline industry.
This is an integrated, distributed, general-purpose workstation, began the magician, ergonomically designed with a proprietary operating system, sixth generation languages, and multiple state of the art user interfaces.
This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.
This is basically the same disclaimer that comes with all software packages, but ours is in plain English and theirs is in legalese.
This is because the female body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and should not be seen by the light of day.
This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.
This is better than mopping!
This is called Monotony.
This is clearly another case of too many mad scientists, and not enough hunchbacks.
This is especially true when dealing with someone you're attracted to.
This is far, and only the swift shall reach it and are delighted.
This is how I dress when I go to work.
This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep nonsense.
This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes, nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls.
This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother Jimbo.
This is not because Quality is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
This is not discussed in the protocol document.
This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is not the GNU public license.
This is not the age of pamphleteers.
This is not to be confused with South Boston which lies directly east from the South End.
This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks in.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
This is rarely harmful, because normally no-one reads such essays.
This is rat eat rat, dog eat dog.
This is supposed to be educational.
This is the United States of America and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
This is the claim of prominent physicians in this country.
This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
This is the first numerical problem I ever did.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the judgment day and I'm a terrifying apparition, he screamed.
This is the kind of tool set professionals use.
This is the major drawback of home centers: they are always out of everything except artificial Christmas trees.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in.
This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
This is the same in nature as it is with man.
This is the sawdust blarney of the carnival midway.
This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
This is the story of the bee Whose sex is very hard to see You cannot tell the he from the she But she can tell, and so can he The little bee is never still She has no time to take the pill And that is why, in times like these There are so many sons of bees.
This is the stuff they can always use.
This is the telephone company.
This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
This is the way the world ends, This is the way the world ends, This is the way the world ends, Not with a bang but with a whimper.
This is the worst chew in the world.
This is true in religion as it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the naive.
This is true, He replied.
This is what entertainment is all about.
This is what fetches the bacon home.
This is where a case of cocktail shrimp fell on me.
This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go, explaining that Interactive Easyflow is a copyrighted package licensed for use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
This is where the expression, Service with a slightly sheepish grin comes from.
This is why an operating system is easier to design.
This is your fortune.
This is, of course, totally uninformed specualation that I engage in to help support my bias against such meddling.
This is, to be sure, a more difficult but an incomparably more worthy task.
This isn't brain surgery; it's just television.
This isn't even wrong.
This isn't really a flame, just a casual observation.
This kind of reasoning is legally valid in mall parking lots.
This knowledge I pursure is the finest pleasure I have ever known.
This land is full of trousers!
This land is my land, and only my land, I've got a shotgun, and you ain't got one, If you don't get off, I'll blow your head off, This land is private property.
This language, developed at the Hanover College for Technological Misfits, was designed to make it impossible to write code with errors in it.
This leaves the mathematician somewhat perplexed, as he had observed right away that he was the subject of an anecdote, and deduced quite rapidly the presence of humour from similar anecdotes, but considers this anecdote to be too trivial a corollary to be significant, let alone funny.
This line moves parallel to the sector axis, wrapping around when it reaches the edge of the hyper-cube.
This machine is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need.
This machine knows everything.
This makes conceiving, describing, and testing them hard.
This makes six legs, which is certainly an odd number of legs for a horse.
This many a year has Tim been gone, And I thought he were lyin' in graveyard.
This may seem callous, but it is the best way, really.
This means at least several years of confusion.
This means that an electric company can sell a customer the same batch of electricity thousands of times a day and never get caught, since very few customers take the time to examine their electricity closely.
This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
This means you should get a large sum of money and go to a mall.
This message it drops into the midst of the program mers, like a seagull making its mark upon the beach.
This message was brought to you by Linux, the free unix.
This minus sign cost L4,280,000.
This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease.
This morning, I was waiting for a bus in comparative comfort, my umbrella protecting me from the downpour, and noticed an attractive young woman getting soaked.
This must be morning.
This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with great force.
This offer is not available through stores and is void where prohibited by law.
This openness that you are seeing, all these changes, are cosmetic and they have been designed to impress shortsighted, naive, sometimes stupid Western leaders.
This person must be fired.
This place just isn't big enough for all of us.
This plane has at least 10 engines and seats over 1,000 passengers; bigger models in the fleet can have more engines than anyone can count and fly even more passengers than there are on Earth.
This popular delusion flourishes now more than ever, for we are all infected with it in the schools, where educationists have elevated it from folklore to Article of Belief.
This practice may exacerbate, not alleviate, the nation's productivity problem.
This presented a problem, as he was not sure if the name should be masculine or feminine.
This prevents harmful electron buildup in the wires.
This process can check if this value is zero, and if it is, it does something child-like.
This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.
This product is called Craft Mount.
This product is meant for educational purposes only.
This program generates random characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come up with something profound.
This proved that lighting was powered by the same force as carpets, but it also damaged Franklin's brain so severely that he started speaking only in incomprehensible maxims, such as A penny saved is a penny earned.
This proved too much for the old creature, who looked sadly at Gabe and expired on the spot.
This pseudoscience has been around since the day of the Chaldeans and Babylonians.
This rare form is usually abbreviated to FROTZ, or more commonly to FROB.
This record is held by Alcoente Prison, near Lisbon in Portugal.
This remarkable piece of work was carried out on a Sunday in May of 1886.
This reprehensible carelessness may be related to the pressure of circumstance, since we are war with France, a fact which may come as a bit of a surprise to you gentlemen in Whitehall.
This required an interview with the bear.
This restaurant was advertising breakfast any time.
This rule does not apply if the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants to make a travesty of the game.
This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his mother's side.
This same woman wouldn't tell her best friend if she knew the best friends' mate was having an affair.
This screen intentionally left blank.
This second is the most dangerous system a man ever designs.
This seems to be much less disruptive than a constant rippling and trembling.
This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with our lives.
This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.
This sentence no verb.
This should hopefully help people who don't like using the garbage collector because it cold boots the machine so often.
This simple but basic scientific criterion has not been met despite dozens of studies conducted over many decades.
This single statement took the scientific world by storm.
This song may be dull, but it's certainly clean.
This speech disturbed the guard greatly, because there were millions of dollars of computer equipment inside, so he watched the man carefully.
This still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or only serves to blunt the warning signs.
This striving for excellence extends into people's personal lives as well.
This supersedes all previous notices.
This system will self-destruct in five minutes.
This tall blond lady.
This teaches us that electricity can be a very powerful force, but we must never use it to hurt others unless we need to learn an important electrical lesson.
This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's reign.
This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountain down.
This time he said, watching me, On some occasions it is better to weep.
This time it was stargazing that became a serious issue.
This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
This totem must be blessed by the old and wise venerable god of unibus at once, before the idolatization of vme, q and pc bus drive him to bitter revenge.
This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.
This was a Golden Age, a time of high adventure, rich living, and hard dying.
This was a future of fortune and theft, pillage and rapine, culture and vice.
This was terrible with raisins in it.
This was the line that opened his novel, Paul Clifford, written in 1830.
This was the most unkindest cut of all.
This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible.
This way tens of thousands of people will spend a few seconds scanning over and ignoring your article, using up over 16 man-hours their collective time, but you will be saved the terrible trouble of checking through usenet maps or looking for alternate routes.
This way we could all wake up via a civilized gradual process of stretching and belching and scratching, and it would still be only 7 a.
This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!
This while his military machine in Afghanistan has killed over a million people out of a population of 17 million.
This whirl-o-matic just had a nuclear meltdown!
This will be hard for you to believe, but I was once a handsome, charming prince and then a mean, ugly old witch cast a spell over me and turned me into a frog.
This will be under communism.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.
This will provide for baby's shoes.
This will take at least two weeks, he finally said.
This will, of course, entail teaching Yiddish to all your friends, business associates, the people at the supermarket, and so on, but that's just the point.
This window also maintains a mouse-sensitive display of critical job parameters such as dataset allocation, core allocation, channels, etc.
This wonderful process leaves the imbiber with a healthier, more vibrant brain, and increases mental capacity.
This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to pay the fiddler.
This would save millions of dollars, so I have no doubt that the public would violently support a law requiring airbags on congressmen.
This, cried the Mayor, is your town's darkest hour!
This, said the doctor, answering his own question.
This, when found, will get thrown away.
Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better than he does.
Those are their guys.
Those four words have such magic in them that if Godot should someday show up and mumble them, any audience would instantly understand his long delay.
Those novels would make you retch.
Those of us who believe in the right of any human being to belong to whatever church he sees fit, and to worship God in his own way, cannot be accused of prejudice when we do not want to see public education connected with religious control of the schools, which are paid for by taxpayers' money.
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
Those people look exactly like Donnie and Marie Osmond!
Those programmers live beyond the physical world.
Those queer things that are called the eyes, and which exist to make an agreeable soft depression in the face, are diseased, in the case of Bogota, in such a way as to affect his brain.
Those texts are called 'reading material.
Those who admire the massive, rigid bone structures of dinosaurs should remember that jellyfish still enjoy their very secure ecological niche.
Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of Silly Putty.
Those who believe that they believe in God, but without passion in their hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only in the God idea, not God Himself.
Those who can't decide.
Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.
Those who can't write, write manuals.
Those who can't, write the instructions.
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Those who claim the dead never return to life haven't ever been around here at quitting time.
Those who deliberately misuse the terms in a misbegotten attempt at flattery are asking for it.
Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics.
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
Those who do things in a noble spirit of self-sacrifice are to be avoided at all costs.
Those who do will encounter quick retribution.
Those who don't know, talk.
Those who don't separate people into groups.
Those who don't talk, know.
Those who doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American history.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
Those who have greatness within them do not go in for politics.
Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty Often have a share in their misfortunes.
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the world is love.
Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
Those who manage what they do not understand.
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who want rain without thunder and lightning.
Those who separate people into three groups.
Those who understand what they do not manage.
Those who will be able to conquer software will be able to conquer the world.
Those who worship the Apple computer and those who put their faith in the IBM PC are equally convinced that the other camp is damned or deluded.
Thou hast been where bell or diver never went; has slept by many a sailer's side, where sleepless mothers would give their lives to lay them down.
Thou hast seen nothing yet.
Thou saw'st the locked lovers when leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.
Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
Thou shalt not enjoy cancelling a job.
Thou shalt not push buttons just to see what happens.
Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before, I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I'll love you more.
Though Marsh has since gone on to other projects,.
Though Strewzinksi has so far failed to score any points for the Crimson, his jackrabbit speed has made him the least sacked quarterback in the Ivy league.
Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to be maintained.
Though dead he be, it belongs to he; So hand the old bnone over!
Though wind may blow and rain may fall, We must away ere break of day Far over wood and mountain tall.
Thought I'd see you one more time again.
Thought I'd something more to say.
Thousands of days of civilians.
Thrashing is just virtual crashing.
Threatening the machine with violence only aggravates the situation.
Three Midwesterners, a Kansan, a Missourian and an Iowan, all appearing on a quiz program, were asked to complete this sentence: Old MacDonald had a.
Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone, Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene from Don Quixote for a local TV show.
Three be the things I shall have till I die: Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.
Three be the things I shall never attain: Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.
Three blind men to see fair play, Forty mutes to yell Hooray!
Three days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo.
Three golden orbs stand watch; one each to toll the day, hour, minute until predestiny decrees his reawakening.
Three great scientific theories of the structure of the universe are the molecular, the corpuscular and the atomic.
Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write.
Three hours later the paint-splattered lad knocked on the door again.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Three minutes' thought would suffice to find this out; but thought is irksome and three minutes is a long time.
Three o'clock in the afternoon is always just a little too late or a little too early for anything you want to do.
Three out of five engineering consultants recommend Dot-Product for their clients who use vector products.
Three times, it's the story of your life.
Three years ago I carried the flag when Brezhnev was the Secretary; then I carried the flag when it was Andropov's turn, and again when Chernenko was in the Kremlin.
Three years later the boy's father insisted that he give a public concert.
Three years later, the wee dog appears again, wearing boots, jeans, chaps, a Stetson, gun belt, and guns.
Three: Be aware that you live in a malevolent Universe controlled by Murphy's Law, sometimes offset by Brewster's Factor; that's engineering.
Three: one to screw it in, and one to confuse the issue.
Through Test Suites measureless to Man Down to a sunless C.
Through sixty-six and seven, they fought the Congo war, With their fingers on their triggers, knee deep in gore.
Through the process of natural selection, the weak and sick brain cells will die first, leaving only the healthy cells.
Through the years as my buildings have fallen apart, I've worried about it with all of my heart.
Through woven woods in Elvenhome She lightly fled on dancing feet, And left him lonely still to roam In the silent forest listening.
Throw all the other ingredients away.
Throw away documentation and manuals, and users will be a hundred times happier.
Throw away privileges and quotas, and users will do the Right Thing.
Throw away proprietary and site licenses, and there won't be any pirating.
Throw out a line and we'll lasso her.
Throwing up on a freeway at dawn!
Throwing your wait around.
Thufir's a Harkonnen now.
Thus I went and thus I go.
Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions.
Thus he spoke as he climbed.
Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
Thus one has the saying to frob a frob.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing, Old Time and Nature their changes tell; But never ranging, still unchanging, I adore my bonnie Bell.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words And temperate in eating and drinking.
Thus they achieve the results of programs written in other languages without the tedious, frustrating process of testing and debugging.
Thus, the devastating effects of cerebral atrophy are reversed, and academic performance actually increases beyond previous levels.
Thus, the possibility of your misinterpreting someone else's memo is practically nil.
Thy navel is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lillies.
Thy nuncle was dead as a lump o' lead, Afore I found his shinbone.
Thy starlight on the Western Seas.
Thy two breasts are like two young roses that are twins.
Tie me kangaroo down.
Tiger got to hunt, Bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder, Why, why, why?
Tiger got to sleep, Bird got to land; Man got to tell himself he understand.
Till some blind hand Shall brush my wing.
Till somebody we like can be elected.
Tim and I a hunting went We found three damsels in a tent, As they were three, and we were two, I bucked one and Timbuktu.
Tim stood up and proudly said, She's a doctor.
Tim, you be first, she said.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time as he grows old teaches all things.
Time flies like an arrow.
Time for you to leave.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
Time is money and money can't buy you love and I love your outfit - T.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Time passed, unheeded.
Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.
Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.
Time to be aggressive.
Time washes clean Love's wounds unseen.
Time will end all my troubles, but I don't always approve of Time's methods.
Time-sharing is the junk-mail part of the computer business.
Timing must be perfect now.
Tiny computer chips make coffee that's smooth and full-bodied.
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
Tippy, the Wonder Dog!
Tired of being genuine all the time?
Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to your good liquor at BYOB parties?
Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.
Tis more blessed to give than receive; for example, wedding presents.
Tis the dream of each programmer, Before his life is done, To write three lines of APL, And make the damn things run.
Tis three feet long and two feet wide.
Tis true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis 'tis true.
To A Quick Young Fox Why jog exquisite bulk, fond crazy vamp, Daft buxom jonquil, zephyr's gawky vice?
To IBM, 'open' means there is a modicum of interoperability among some of their equipment.
To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
To a Californian, a person must prove himself criminally insane before he is allowed to drive a taxi in New York.
To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go above fifty-eight degrees.
To a Californian, the basic difference between the people and the pigeons in New York is that the pigeons don't shit on each other.
To a New Yorker, all Californians are blond, even the blacks.
To a New Yorker, the only California houses on the market for less than a million dollars are those on fire.
To a person, the board voted to reject the bid when they discovered that the tobacco giant intended to reorganize Israeli Cheddar, Ltd.
To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun.
To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education.
To achieve the next higher rating, you need to score 32 more points.
To activate its captivation, Deposit on its termination, A quantity of particles saline.
To add insult to injury.
To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.
To allow this use of macros, the preprocessor uses a process that is worth describing, if for no other reason than that we get to use one of the more amusing terms introduced into the C lexicon.
To any truly impartial person, it would be obvious that I am always right.
To argue that gaps in knowledge which will confront the seeker must be filled, not by patient inquiry, but by intuition or revelation, is simply to give ignorance a gratuitous and preposterous dignity.
To ask a politician to lead us is to ask the tail of a dog to lead the dog.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
To avoid overload and burnout, keep stress out of your life.
To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
To be a man is to suffer for others.
To be a skeptic is to cultivate street smarts in the battle for control of one's own mind, one's own money, one's own allegiances.
To be a skeptic, in short, is to refuse to be a victim.
To be beautiful is enough!
To be considered successful, a woman must be much better at her job than a man would have to be.
To be excellent when engaged in administration is to be like the North Star.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
To be honest, Harold, Saint Peter sheepishly replied, I didn't recognize you.
To be in one's inmost heart in kindly sympathy with all things; to love all men and allow no selfish thoughts: this is the nature of benevolence and righteousness.
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
To be is to be related.
To be loved is very demoralizing.
To be or not to be, that is the bottom line.
To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit, call it the target.
To be sure, the doctrine of a personal God interfering with natural events could never be refuted, in the real sense, by science, for this doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific knowledge has not yet been able to set foot.
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
To be who one is, is not to be someone else.
To be wise, the only thing you really need to know is when to say I don't know.
To believe all men honest would be folly.
To believe none so is something worse.
To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
To call a spade a thpade.
To change; make or become different; modify.
To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
To conform with departmental regulations concerning uniform dress.
To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
To cover up the valve stem.
To craunch a marmoset.
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the competent.
To do more was impossible, to do less, unthinkable.
To do nothing is to be nothing.
To do two things at once is to do neither.
To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
To downgrade the human mind is bad theology.
To err is human, but I can REALLY foul things up.
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out before the pencil, you're overdoing it a little.
To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.
To err is human, to forgive unusual.
To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
To err is human, to purr feline.
To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish.
To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human; to admit it, a blunder.
To err is human; to forgive is simply not our policy.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends.
To find that gambling is going on here.
To follow foolish precedents, and wink With both our eyes, is easier than to think.
To generalize is to be an idiot.
To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.
To get something clean, one has to get something dirty.
To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three persons, two of them absent.
To get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than against them is to attain literacy.
To get to the middle.
To get to the other slide.
To give happiness is to deserve happiness.
To give in, endure humiliation.
To give of yourself, you must first know yourself.
To have died once is enough.
To have succeeded is to have finished one's business on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment he has succeeded in his courtship.
To his lasting surprise there was an insatiable demand for them and he now has 26 thriving branches all over America.
To impress Jodie Foster.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
To investigate its internal gases he inserted a tube into that end of the animal not capable of facial expression and struck a match.
To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
To know Edina is to reject it.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
To lead people, you must follow behind.
To live is always desirable.
To lose weight, eat less; to gain weight, eat more; if you merely wish to maintain, do whatever you were doing.
To love is good, love being difficult.
To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine gin and, if they are in season, eggs.
To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey.
To make others happy.
To make tax forms true they should read Income Owed Us and Incommode You.
To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task.
To make us wish that we were in his place.
To manipulate or adjust, to tweak.
To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
To me a covenant is a relationship that is based on such things as shared ideals and shared value systems and shared ideas and shared agreement as to the processes we are going to use for working together.
To me, said Eastwood calmly, what a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in.
To minimize scheduling confusion, please realize that if you are taking one course which is offered at only one time on a given day, and another which is offered at all times on that day, the second class will be arranged as to afford maximum inconvenience to the student.
To music of a pipe unseen, And light of stars was in her hair, And in her raiment glimmering.
To one large turkey add one gallon of vermouth and a demijohn of Angostura bitters.
To our sweethearts and wives.
To preserve our independence, we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt.
To prevent the sensible ones from going home.
To produce flowcharts with no particular object in mind.
To programmers, the location of non-programmers and activities not related to programming.
To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you.
To prove this to yourself, try opening the refrigerator door before the light comes on.
To punish myself for eating dessert yesterday.
To quiet the enraged husband, the lover suggested, Friends shouldn't fight, let's play gin rummy.
To recall to the mind; think of again.
To reduce domination to a simple relation of doer and done-to is to substitute moral outrage for analysis.
To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
To restore a sense of reality, I think Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland.
To reveal an artist to the people can be to destroy him.
To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.
To say you got a vote of confidence would be to say you needed a vote of confidence.
To see a need and wait to be asked, is to already refuse.
To see his friend Gregory peck.
To see if it would run.
To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block, and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly.
To see the sights I'm never going to visit.
To see to it that the forces of Napoleon are driven out of Spain.
To see you is to sympathize.
To seek the firm of Clutterbuck and Co.
To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take the longest and cost the most.
To stamp out flaming ducks.
To stamp out forest fires.
To stand and be still, At the Birkenhead drill, Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
To stay youthful, stay useful.
To stop sinning suddenly.
To stop the unstoppable crash!
To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start.
To such a question Tortue invariably sat silent.
To take a significant step forward, you must make a series of finite improvements.
To tamper with an image, usually to its detriment.
To teach is to learn twice.
To teach is to learn.
To telling only lies.
To the degree that it reflects the thinking of a significant section of the public, this point of view encourages ignorance of and, indeed, contempt for science and for rational methods of approaching truth.
To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!
To the final arrival, Einstein once again posed the question, What's your IQ?
To the first one he asked, What's your IQ?
To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.
To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
To the stars by aspiration.
To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide a test load.
To thine own self be true.
To think contrary to one's era is heroism.
To this day the Topologists remain the original Mathematicians.
To this the architecture manager responded that if I gave the control program team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time, but would also be three months late, and of much lower quality.
To those accustomed to the precise, structured methods of conventional system development, exploratory development techniques may seem messy, inelegant, and unsatisfying.
To treat it as a physical entity, therefore, is misapplication of our engineering skills.
To turn back now would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
To understand this important story, you have to understand how the telephone company works.
To undertake a project, as the word's derivation indicates, means to cast an idea out ahead of oneself so that it gains autonomy and is fulfilled not only by the efforts of its originator but, indeed, independently of him as well.
To update Voltaire, I may kill all msgs from you, but I'll fight for your right to post it, and I'll let it reside on my disks.
To use violence is to already be defeated.
To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question.
To venerate expectantly.
To warm myself in the cold.
To watch 3-D movies with.
To which Einstein replied, Tell me, how did the Cubs do this year?
To which Santa replies, Every minute.
To which the heroes reply, that's a pretty good allegation from a bunch of wimpsoes who won't go near a woman on account, can you believe it, of their mystical power being sort of drained out.
To which the thief replied, I have a year, and who knows what might happen in that time.
To which the young girl replied, Yes, Daddy, Mommy thought you would forget.
To whom the mornings are like nights, What must the midnights be!
To write a sonnet you must ruthlessly strip down your words to naked, willing flesh.
To write good code is a worthy challenge, and a source of civilized delight.
To yield to its blandishments is so easy.
To your left is the marina where several senior cabinet officials keep luxury yachts for weekend cruises on the Potomac.
To, from, or at considerable distance.
Tobacco is a filthy weed, That from the devil does proceed; It drains your purse, it burns your clothes, And makes a chimney of your nose.
Today I posted an article and forgot to include my signature.
Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is available to anyone.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Today is a good day for information-gathering.
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.
Today is my one hundred and eleventh birthday: I am eleventy-one today!
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Today it is drastically different, because of the social milieu.
Today the East German pole-vault champion became the West German pole-vault champion.
Today used whimsically to describe the aftermath of a bogon attack.
Today we admire Athens, visit it, preserve the old temples, yet we hardly ever set foot in Corinth.
Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a cheering squad and another paycheck.
Today you'll start getting heavy metal radio on your dentures.
Today's Brownie is tomorrow's Cookie!
Today's robots are very primitive, capable of understanding only a few simple instructions such as 'go left', 'go right', and 'build car'.
Today's scientific question is: What in the world is electricity?
Today's thrilling story has been brought to you by Mushies, the great new cereal that gets soggy even without milk or cream.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
Today, much of UNIX being done is done on our machines.
Today, of course, it is considered very poor taste to use the F-word except in major motion pictures.
Today, people tend to take tools for granted.
Today, television tells most of the stories to most of the people most of the time.
Toddlers are the stormtroopers of the Lord of Entropy.
Together, a strong community.
Tom Bom, jolly Tom, Tom Bombadillo!
Tom Bombadil, Tom Bombadillo!
Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has a beginning and an end.
Tom goes on before you.
Tom's going home again water-lilies bringing.
Tom's going on ahead candles for to kindle.
Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.
Tom's in a hurry now.
Tom's leg is game, since home he came, And his bootless foot is lasting lame; But Troll don't care, and he's still there With the bone he boned from its owner.
Tommorrow you may be in Utah.
Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog.
Tomorrow we may come this way Pass them by!
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately, it can still be changed today.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Too authoritarian; stifles creativity!
Too bad drinking black coffee was contrary to his custom.
Too bad it's not a fence.
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity.
Too much is just enough.
Too much is not enough.
Too much of anything, even love, isn't necessarily a good thing.
Too much of everything is just enough.
Too much unnecessary exclaiming can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on the reader!
Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available briefcases.
Too often people have come to me and said, If I had just one wish for anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software.
Too proud to bend When I think about myself.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred, To tilt at autumn or defy the frost: Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did, I say with them, What's out tonight is lost.
Too thick to navigate and too thin to cultivate.
Toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch.
Top scientists agree that with the present rate of consumption, the earth's supply of gravity will be exhausted before the 24th century.
Topologists are just plane folks.
Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.
Toss out halfway down the hall And the system is going to crash.
Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.
Totally illogical, there was no chance.
Totally objective; very active and straight to the point.
Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
Touch the stained glass with your cheek, And feel its chill upon your blood.
Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme personne n'ecoute, il faut toujours recommencer.
Touted as an industrial strength beer, and suggested only for use in bars.
Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.
Trailer parks are so goyish that Jews won't go near them.
Training is everything.
Trample anyone who gets in your way.
Transistor and a large sum of money to spend.
Translation of the Latin caveat emptor.
Travel important today; Internal Revenue men arrive tomorrow.
Traveling through New England, a motorist stopped for gas in a tiny village.
Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
Traveling twice the speed of sound I had to be alone.
Treasure Island tunnel at the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which turnoff to take when I got to the other end.
Treasury with nothing - and that was the closest our country has ever been to being even.
Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy.
Trendy dance for hip programmers.
Trespassers will be shot.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
Trim and flute edges together.
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Troll sat alone on his seat of stone, And munched and mumbled a bare old bone; For many a year he had gnawed it near, For meat was hard to come by.
Troll's old seat is still the same, And the bone he boned from its owner!
Trouble always comes at the wrong time.
Trouble creates a capacity to handle it.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees.
Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
Trucks that overturn on freeways are filled with something sticky.
True happiness will be found only in true love.
True leadership is the art of changing a group from what it is to what it ought to be.
True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
True, sometimes there are difficult problems.
Truly a timeless statement.
Truly a woman of the times.
Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
Truly simple systems.
Truly the imago state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
Truly, he has entered the mystery of the Tao.
Truly, this is not the Tao of Programming.
Truly, this is the Tao of Programming.
Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
Trust in Allah, but tie your camel.
Trust them; leave them alone.
Trust your husband, adore your husband, and get as much as you can in your own name.
Truth can wait; he's used to it.
Truth has always been found to promote the best interests of mankind.
Truth is free, but information costs.
Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.
Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.
Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy of him that brought her birth.
Truth will out this morning.
Truthfully, how long will it take?
Try a single person for a change.
Try amazing Dot-Product, the fast, easy way many professionals have used for years and is now available to YOU through this special offer.
Try dressing before you leave the house.
Try his first wife's maiden name, This is more than just a game.
Try not to consider the fact that Things go better with Coke.
Try not to have a good time.
Try the Moo Shu Pork.
Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.
Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
Try to find a pattern.
Try to find the real tense of the report you are reading: Was it done, is it being done, or is something to be done?
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to get past logging in, We're hacking, hacking, hacking.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Try to keep things straight.
Try to not ever split infinitives.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm; As if you just squashed a cop.
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Try your hand at conversation, gossip is a lie, And sure enough she'll take you home and make you wanna die.
Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only specification is that it should run noiselessly.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Trying to establish voice contact.
Trying to find what is ailing, Living in the land of the free.
Trying to get an education here is like trying to get a drink from a fire hose.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
Turing machine program to a frog.
Turn on, tune up, rock out.
Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees.
Turn the other cheek.
Turning back the pages to the times I love best, I wonder if she'll ever do the same, Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied, With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Turning quietly to the counterman, he whispered, Weigh down upon the swami's liver!
Turning the curve he waved his hand.
Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.
Twas brillig, and the slithy toves Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.
Twas midnight, and the UNIX hacks Did gyre and gimble in their cave All mimsy was the CS-VAX And Cory raths outgrabe.
Twas panic, and the slithy brokers Did gyre and tumble in the Crash All flimsy were the Dow Jones stokers And mammon's wrath them bash!
Twenty Percent of Zero is Better than Nothing.
Twenty two thousand days.
Twenty yards from the green, however, he turned on his heel and went back to where his companion was waiting.
Twenty years of romance make a woman look like a ruin; but twenty years of marriage make her something like a public building.
Twice, it's much too much.
Two battleships assigned to the training squadron had been at sea on maneuvers in heavy weather for several days.
Two brothers, Mort and Bill, like to sail.
Two can Live as Cheaply as One for Half as Long.
Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.
Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his barstool and lay motionless on the floor.
Two game wardens, seven hunters, And a cow.
Two golfers were being held up as the twosome of women in front of them whiffed shots, hunted for lost balls and stood over putts for what seemed like hours.
Two heads are better than one.
Two heads are more numerous than one.
Two hundred years ago today, Irma Chine of White Plains, New York, was performing her normal housekeeping routines.
Two in the front, two in the back.
Two is company, three is an orgy.
Two is not equal to three, even for large values of two.
Two is, What train do I take to get to Bloomingdale's?
Two men are in a hot-air balloon.
Two men came before Nasrudin when he was magistrate.
Two men were sitting over coffee, contemplating the nature of things, with all due respect for their breakfast.
Two parent drops spent months teaching their son how to be part of the ocean.
Two peanuts were walking through the New York.
Two percent of zero is almost nothing.
Two ply toilet paper!
Two points of view: 'Christian' rock and roll.
Two seconds have been allotted for a complete rundown of all the user- friendly features of Unix.
Two sure ways to tell a REALLY sexy man; the first is, he has a bad memory.
Two things are certain about science.
Two wrights don't make a rong, they make an airplane.
Two wrongs are only the beginning.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but they make a good excuse.
Two wrongs don't make a right, but three lefts do.
Two, but there are ways around it, depending on the style of the hors d'oeuvre.
Two-timing must be better than perfect.
Type System J to get to a JCL interactive read-execute-diagnose loop window.
Types by sense of smell, What makes him so good?
U is for uniq, which is used after sort, and V is for vi, which is hard to abort.
UFOs are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
UNIX Relational Database Management: Application Development in the UNIX Environment by Rod Manis, Evan Schaffer, and Robert Jorgensen.
UNIX Trix For those of you in the reseller business, here is a helpful tip that will save your support staff a few hours of precious time.
UNIX enhancements aren't.
UNIX is a simple language, easy to understand, easy to get started with.
UNIX is many things to many people, but it's never been everything to anybody.
UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things.
UNLESS someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better - it's not.
USE LINUX, THE FREE UNIX SYSTEM FOR THE 386.
USENET would be a better laboratory is there were more labor and less oratory.
Ubi non accusator, ibi non judex.
UdX, e dX, cosine, secant, tangent, sine, 3.
Uh, that still ain't right.
Ummm, scratch one of the kids and add a dog.
Unbeknownst to him, as he was arriving at the zoo an elderly lion was escaping from its cage.
Uncertain fortune is thoroughly mastered by the equity of the calculation.
Unchecked low fluid levels can cause poor paging performance.
Uncompensated overtime?
Uncontrolled power will turn even saints into savages.
Under a government which imprisons any unjustly, the true place for a just man is also a prison.
Under any conditions, anywhere, whatever you are doing, there is some ordinance under which you can be booked.
Under capitalism, man exploits man.
Under communism, it's just the opposite.
Under deadline pressure for the next week.
Under every stone lurks a politician.
Under no circumstances can the food be omitted.
Under the arc of the sky they are unsafe.
Under the rules of evidence as they now exist in this country, no single assertion in the Bible has in its support any evidence admissible in a court of law.
Under the skysigns they who have no arms Have cleanest hands, and, as the heartless ghost Alone's unhurt, so the blind man sees best.
Under the wide and heavy VAX Dig my grave and let me relax Long have I lived, and many my hacks And I lay me down with a will.
Under the wide and starry sky, Dig my grave and let me lie, Glad did I live and gladly die, And laid me down with a will, And this be the verse that you grave for me, Here he lies where he longed to be, Home is the sailor home from the sea, And the hunter home from the hill.
Understanding is always the understanding of a smaller problem in relation to a bigger problem.
Unfortunately few programmers could survive there because the center outlawed Pizza and Coca-Cola in favor of Tofu and Perrier.
Unfortunately the sum of one shilling and ninepence remains unaccounted for in one infantry battalion's petty cash and there has been a hideous confusion as the the number of jars of raspberry jam issued to one cavalry regiment during a sandstorm in western Spain.
Unfortunately, falling out of love seems to be just as involuntary as falling into it.
Unfortunately, it often turns out to be the wedding march.
Unfortunately, it's a lower case l.
Unfortunately, most programmers like to play with new toys.
Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
Unfortunately, one is obliged to wade through many pages of extraneous material in order to discover and savour those sidelights on the management of a midland shooting estate, and in this reviewer's opinion the book cannot take the place of J.
Unfortunately, one of them is struck by a truck and killed.
Unfortunately, the service captain didn't realize that the Stiggs situation involved fifty roses.
Unfortunately, these are also the four warning signs of colon disease, so it's always a good idea to check with your doctor.
Unfortunately, we were married for four and a half years.
Uniformed men stood by impassively like sentries in their trench.
Unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
Uniquely, all editing under MAFIA is performed centrally, using a powerful rubout feature capable of erasing files, filors, filees, and entire nodal aggravations.
United Nations, New York, December 25.
United States are of some of Roosevelt's policies.
Universes of virtually unlimited complexity can be created in the form of computer programs.
Universities are places of knowledge.
University administrator.
University of Chicago, at Millikan's suggestion worked on the measurement of electronic charge for his doctoral thesis, and co-authored some of the early papers on this subject with Millikan.
University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
Unix Beer: Comes in several different brands, in cans ranging from 8 oz.
Unix Express: All passenger bring a piece of the aeroplane and a box of tools with them to the airport.
Unix is a glorified video game.
Unix is the worst operating system; except for all others.
Unix to him who evil thinks?
Unix was written on our machines and for our machines many years ago.
Unix will self-destruct in five seconds.
Unix-to-Unix Copy Program; said PDP-1.
Unix: Some say the learning curve is steep, but you only have to climb it once.
Unless hours were cups of sack, and minutes capons, and clocks the tongues of bawds, and dials the signs of leaping houses, and the blessed sun himself a fair, hot wench in flame-colored taffeta, I see no reason why thou shouldst be so superfluous to demand the time of the day.
Unless it's blind screaming paroxysmally hedonistic.
Unless she's really attractive.
Unless there are three other people.
Unless you already have a moron.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
Unless you're the lead mule, all the scenery looks about the same.
Unless, of course, the Astro-Zombies have destroyed it.
Unlike comics, which are part of a newspaper's harmless pleasure and make no truth claims, astrology is a fraud.
Unlike human beings, who enjoy them.
Unlike most automobiles, it has neither speedometer, nor gas gauge, nor any of the numerous idiot lights which plague the modern driver.
Unlike most garbage collectors, the new gc starts its mark phase from the mind of the user, rather than from the obarray.
Unlike most lagers, this one has to be drunk more slowly than stout.
Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
Unquestionably, there is progress.
Unseen University had never admitted women, muttering something about problems with the plumbing, but the real reason was an unspoken dread that if women were allowed to mess around with magic they would probably be embarrassingly good at it.
Until Eve arrived, this was a man's world.
Until he died, and so reached that vicinity: in it he found that the damned things diverged.
Up against the net, redneck mother, Mother who has raised your son so well; He's seventeen and hackin' on a Macintosh, Flaming spelling errors and raisin' hell.
Up came Tom with his big boots on.
Up from out of under there.
Up to a point, Lord Copper.
Up, down, near or far, here, there or yonder?
Up, up along delirious, burning blue I've topped the wind-swept heights with easy grace, Where never lark, or even eagle flew; And, while with silent, lifting mind I've trod The high untrespassed sanctity of space, Put out my hand, and touched the face of God.
Up-to-date, new-fangled, as in Thoroughly Modem Millie.
Upon entering, the British blatantly violated every conceivable convention, and, though they went through the house virtually bit by bit, their search was fruitless.
Upon hearing this, absolutely nobody was enlightened.
Upon our arrival we immediately set up a rigorous schedule: Up at 6:00, breakfast, and back in bed by 7:00.
Upon reaching a point where the party of the second part becomes fully detached from the receptacle, the party of the first part shall have the option of disposing of the party of the second part in a manner consistent with all relevant and applicable local, state and federal statutes.
Upon receiving the answer 70, Einstein smiled and replied, Got a minute to tell me about VMS 4.
Upon some stars bestowed her name.
Upon the hearth the fire is red, Beneath the roof there is a bed; But not yet weary are our feet, Still round the corner we may meet A sudden tree or standing stone That none have seen but we alone.
Usage note: this term is no longer in common use.
Use a pun, go to jail.
Use a sunlamp only on weekends.
Use all capital letters.
Use it only if you really have a deep-seated desire to be fussy, or if you are of Swedish extraction.
Use it to calculate forces, velocities, displacements, and virtually any vector components.
Use only as directed.
Use only in well-ventilated area.
Use tape, magnets, or glue instead of paperweights.
Use the semicolon properly, always use it where it is appropriate; and never where it isn't.
Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
Used pejoratively by those not in residence there.
Used staples are good with SOY SAUCE!
User programs, striking from a hidden directory, have won their first victory against the evil Administrative Empire.
Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
Using a bulldozer abandoned by the Air Force, he spent two years and great effort pushing boulders into a single word.
Using words to describe magic is like using a screwdriver to cut roast beef.
Usually abbreviated to FROB.
Usually manages to put on socks before shoes.
Usually, when a lot of men get together, it's called a war.
Utilizing all your skills, you'll either get your man or you'll get burned!
Uzbeks by the hand; and they all go and beat up the Jews.
VALGOL is also characterized by its unfriendly error messages.
VCR look as technologically advanced as toenail dirt.
VI: A hungry dog hunts best.
VMS Beer: Requires minimal user interaction, except for popping the top and sipping.
VMS is like a nightmare about RXS-11M.
VMS is that it's all there.
VMS operating system in IBM 1710 machine code.
Valentine's Day Massacre.
Valerie: Aww, Tom, you're going maudlin on me.
Vanish in the sunlight!
Variables don't; constants aren't.
Variables won't; constants aren't.
Vast plains covered by treeless forests.
Vegetables are what food eats.
Velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
Veloz is indistinguishable from hundreds of other electronics businesses in the Valley, run by eager young engineers poring over memory dumps late into the night.
Vending machines don't sell quiche.
Verba volant, scripta manent!
Verbs has got to agree with their subjects.
Verbs have to agree with their subjects.
Verily and forsooth, replied Goodgulf darkly.
Verily, the learned men are the heirs of the Prophets.
Vermouth always makes me brilliant unless it makes me idiotic.
Very charming, of course, but not much good in a fight.
Very earnestly, the Undergraduate replied I see a cursor.
Very few modern women either like or desire marriage, especially after the ceremony has been performed.
Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five.
Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
Very few things actually get manufactured these days, because in an infinitely large Universe, such as the one in which we live, most things one could possibly imagine, and a lot of things one would rather not, grow somewhere.
Very few things happen at the right time, and the rest do not happen at all.
Very good of you to spot this.
Very little air will leak over the edges.
Very little happens on Usenet without some sort of response from some other reader.
Very well, if I have told a lie, then hang me!
Very, very messy business.
Vestal virgins aren't all that bad.
Vests are to suits as seat-belts are to cars.
Vigorous societies harbor a certain extravagance of objectives, so that men wander beyond the safe provision of personal gratifications.
Vila: I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life.
Violators will be prosecuted.
Violence accomplishes nothing.
Violence in reality is quite different from theory.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
Violence stinks, no matter which end of it you're on.
Virginia law forbids bathtubs in the house; tubs must be kept in the yard.
Virtual means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
Virtue is a relative term.
Virtue is its own punishment.
Virtue is not left to stand alone.
Virtue is the failure to achieve vice.
Visit beautiful Vergas, Minnesota.
Visit beautiful Wisconsin Dells.
Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
Vital papers will demonstrate their vitality by spontaneously moving from where you left them to where you can't find them.
Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.
Vogons may read you bad poetry, but bogons make you study obsolete RFCs.
Void where prohibited.
Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim And earthquakes only terrify the dolts, And to him who's scientific There is nothing that's terrific In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
Von Neumann looked blank for a moment, thought, and then answered, Yes.
Von Neumann was the subject of many dotty professor stories.
Voodoo Programming: Things programmers do that they know shouldn't work but they try anyway, and which sometimes actually work, such as recompiling everything.
Vulcans believe peace should not depend on force.
Vulcans do not approve of violence.
W is for whoami, which tells you your name, while X is, well, X, of dubious fame.
WE ARE GOING TO EAT YOU!
WHEN THE CATS ARE HUNGRY.
WHO sees a BEACH BUNNY sobbing on a SHAG RUG?
Wad some power the giftie gie us To see oursels as others see us.
Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
Wait a minute, he says, I'll go check.
Wait a minute, what about people who separate people into two groups?
Wait for that wisest of all counselors, Time.
Wait till your father gets home.
Wait'll Mom hears about this.
Waitin' for the train that goes home, Hopin' that the train is on time, Sittin' downtown in a railway station, One toke over the line.
Waiting alone and unmoving, it is at once still and yet in constant motion.
Wake and hear me calling!
Wake now my merry lads!
Wake up all you citizens, hear your country's call, Not to arms and violence, But peace for one and all.
Wake up and smell the coffee.
Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime.
Walk softly and carry a BFG-9000.
Walk softly and carry a big stick.
Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
Walk with a light step.
Walking on water wasn't built in a day.
Wall Street insiders, however, tell quite a different story.
Wanderers in the shadowed land despair not!
Wanna tell you all a story 'bout a man named Jed, A poor mountaineer, barely kept his family fed.
Wanting to help, the Hacker clicked one of the nodes in the network with the mouse, and asked what do you see?
War doesn't prove who's right, just who's left.
War hath no fury like a non-combatant.
War is an equal opportunity destroyer.
War is delightful to those who have had no experience of it.
War is like love, it always finds a way.
War is much too serious a matter to be entrusted to the military.
War is never imperative.
War isn't a good life, but it's life.
War spares not the brave, but the cowardly.
Warm cookies and cold milk are good for you.
Warm now be heart and limb!
Warn your friends about it.
Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking up.
Warnings arise and he lets them come; processes are swapped and he lets them go.
Was he to leave the world upon the shelf?
Was it true, the woman inquired, that the medication the doctor had prescribed was for the rest of her life?
Was made the recipient of is a periphrasis for Was presented with.
Was my SOY LOAF left out in th'RAIN?
Was never a project of mine.
Was she not fruitful?
Was she your daughter on February 13, 1979?
Was there a time when dancers with their fiddles In children's circuses could stay their troubles?
Was there ever such blasphemous nonsense!
Wash pluck, then boil for 2 hours with windpipe draining over the side of pot.
Wash the windows once a week.
Wash your hands before you eat.
Washing your car to make it rain doesn't work.
Washington and make it there.
Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?
Waste not fresh tears over old griefs.
Waste not, get your budget cut next year.
Wasting time is an important part of living.
Watch all-night Donna Reed reruns until your mind resembles oatmeal.
Watch for it everywhere.
Watch lights fade from every room.
Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
Watching TV becomes a full-time job when you can scan 200 channels all day and all night and still have the option of punching Night Dreams into the video machine, if the rest of the world seems dull.
Watching a bus-load of lawyers plunge off a cliff.
Watching your mother-in-law back off a cliff.
Water Hot is a noble thing!
Water Hot that smokes and steams.
Water cold we may pour at need down a thirsty throat and be glad indeed; but better is Beer, if drink we lack, and Water Hot poured down the back.
Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
Watkins had this to say: Ten short days ago all I could look forward to was a dead-end job as a engineer.
Watson means A courage none can stem And we feel honored to be here to toast the IBM.
Wavefront's latest box, or the people who programmed it?
Waving away a cloud of smoke, I look up, and am blinded by a bright, white light.
We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
We Americans live in a nation where the medical-care system is second to none in the world, unless you count maybe 25 or 30 little scuzzball countries like Scotland that we could vaporize in seconds if we felt like it.
We Americans, we're a simple people.
We ain't supposed to have any neighbors, and I just had to shoot one.
We all agree on the necessity of compromise.
We all declare for liberty, but in using the same word we do not all mean the same thing.
We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.
We all know Linux is great.
We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
We all like praise, but a hike in our pay is the best kind of ways.
We all live in a state of ambitious poverty.
We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
We all need somebody to talk to.
We are Pentium of Borg.
We are all afraid of something, or feel limited in something.
We are all agreed that your theory is crazy.
We are all born charming, fresh and spontaneous and must be civilized before we are fit to participate in society.
We are all born equal.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
We are as gods, but know it not.
We are both rather prone to mistakes.
We are constituted not for efficient operation of government, but for minimizing the possibility of abuse of power.
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
We are each entitled to our own opinion, but no one is entitled to his own facts.
We are fond of parties.
We are messing here with matters of deference, condescension, respect, bigotry, and two vague concepts, age and rank.
We are no longer allowing this practice.
We are not a loved organization, but we are a respected one.
We are not dedicated to pure logic and the sterility of non-emotion.
We are not endeavoring to chain the future but to free the present.
We are not loved by our friends for what we are; rather, we are loved in spite of what we are.
We are not the center of the universe, and it doesn't care.
We are now enjoying total mutual interaction in an imaginary hot tub.
We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem.
We are preparing to think about contemplating preliminary work on plans to develop a schedule for producing the 10th Edition of the Unix Programmers Manual.
We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same.
We are stronger than our skin of flesh and metal, for we carry and share a spectrum of suns and lands that lends us legends as we craft our immortality and interweave our destinies of water and air, leaving shadows that gather color of their own, until they outshine the substance that cast them.
We are the advocates of inquiry, investigation, and thought.
We are the people our parents warned us about.
We are using Linux daily to UP our productivity - so UP yours!
We are what we pretend to be.
We aren't going to call again!
We at the LDP feel that we wouldn't be able to produce anything at all, that all our work would be futile, if it weren't for the SAG,'' says Matt Welsh, director of LDP, Inc.
We boast more theater per capita than the Big Apple.
We both need to do something monstrous before we die.
We bought a lot of untested computer chips, the General answered.
We call it a two-by-four.
We call multi-megaton bombs Peace-keepers, closet size apartments efficient and incomprehensible artworks innovative.
We can admit that we're killers.
We can call for help in this canyon and the echo will carry our voices to the end of the canyon.
We can defeat gravity.
We can embody the truth, but we cannot know it.
We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.
We can predict everything, except the future.
We can spin it on its axis for gravity.
We can't have people go on believing that!
We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
We cannot complete your call as dialed.
We cannot disregard that philosophy merely for personal gain, no matter how important that gain might be.
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
We cannot embalm him as do the Egyptians.
We cannot fathom their thoughts, so all we do is describe their appearance.
We cannot put off living until we are ready.
We certainly never succeeded.
We changed Coke again!
We choose, ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what.
We come to bury DOS, not to praise it.
We could either party later or, like, start his heart.
We could make a lot of money and retire and enjoy life.
We could never understand why Mexico wasn't just crazy about us; for we have always had their good will, and oil and minerals, at heart.
We decided it was night again, so we camped for twenty minutes and drank another six beers at a Young Life campsite.
We declare the names of all variables and functions.
We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
We did not act in haste.
We didn't really want to include any disclaimer at all, but our lawyers insisted.
We do not teach how to think.
We don't NEED Dan Rather.
We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
We don't care how they do it in New York.
We don't fear it as you do.
We don't have any simulators.
We don't know one millionth of one percent about anything.
We don't know who it was that discovered water, but we're pretty sure that it wasn't a fish.
We don't like their sound.
We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
We don't need no stinkin' bahdges!
We don't need no stinking badges.
We don't need no stinking card readers.
We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
We don't serve strings here.
We don't smoke and we don't chew, and we don't go with girls that do.
We ducked down by the vines, heaving tomatoes at each other.
We elect a six-pack of presidents.
We expect annual savings to be in the billions.
We fight only when there is no other choice.
We gave you an atomic bomb, what do you want, mermaids?
We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
We give them money, But heaven knows we try.
We go even when we must shovel ten inches of snow from the driveway to get there.
We go to see, not to be seen.
We got a genuine Indian guru, that's teachin' us a better way.
We got a lot of little, teen-aged, blue-eyed groupies, Who'll do anything we say.
We got a problem down on Earth.
We got all the friends that money can buy, So we never have to be alone.
We got into his car and drove out to his shack in the desert.
We got your renewal before the extended deadline but not your check.
We gotta get out of this place, If it's the last thing we ever do.
We had crisis, then we went into chaos, and now what do we call this?
We had one cassette tape to listen to on the entire trip.
We hate that expression!
We have art that we do not die of the truth.
We have been unable to escape the philosophical tradition that what we can see and measure in the world is merely the superficial and imperfect representation of an underlying reality.
We have ears, earther.
We have emotional moving vans.
We have enumerated our saddles, bridles, tents and tent poles, and all manner of sundry items for which His Majesty's Government holds me accountable.
We have found all life forms in the galaxy are capable of superior development.
We have good UNIX on VAX and good UNIX on PDP-11s.
We have heard that you are enlightened.
We have known the stolid but steady Killebrew.
We have lingered long enough on the shores of the Cosmic Ocean.
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent than from the machinations of the wicked.
We have not inherited the earth from our parents, we've borrowed it from our children.
We have nothing to fear; except perhaps that the sky may fall on our heads tomorrow.
We have nowhere else to go.
We have only two things to worry about: That things will never get back to normal, and that they already have.
We have phasers, I vote we blast 'em!
We have reason to be afraid.
We have seen the light at the end of the tunnel, and it's out.
We have some absolutely irrefutable statistics to show exactly why you are so tired.
We have that excellent native word lies.
We have the right to survive!
We have, then, that Heaven, at 525C is hotter than Hell at 445C.
We haven't been able to catch one yet.
We haven't seen anything like it in the last half an hour!
We hired you as you are, and to have anything removed would certainly make you less than we bargained for.
We hope this clears up the many questions we've had about it.
We hoped he'd go as far as possible.
We interrupt this fortune for an important announcement.
We invented a new protocol and called it Kermit, after Kermit the Frog, star of The Muppet Show.
We is confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
We just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise.
We just can't get enough.
We just joined the civil hair patrol!
We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster.
We know his name and he mustn't get away.
We know next to nothing about virtually everything.
We know that you are an honest person, and are not going to go around pirating copies of Interactive Easyflow; this is just as well with us since we worked hard to perfect it and selling copies of it is our only method of making anything out of all the hard work.
We laugh at the Indian philosopher, who to account for the support of the earth, contrived the hypothesis of a huge elephant, and to support the elephant, a huge tortoise.
We learn from history that we do not learn from history.
We learn from history that we learn nothing from history.
We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves.
We live, in a very kooky time.
We made it, stretching a point or two.
We maintain that the very foundation of our way of life is what we call free enterprise, said Cash McCall, but when one of our citizens show enough free enterprise to pile up a little of that profit, we do our best to make him feel that he ought to be ashamed of himself.
We make each bed three mouses and a half long, and two mouses wide.
We may be able to dig deeper holes, but unless we know how to build taller ladders, we had best hope that it does not rain much.
We may hope that machines will eventually compete with men in all purely intellectual fields.
We may not like doctors, but at least they doctor.
We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect their good judgement.
We mentioned before about the stars singing, and that's one of the effects of the shifting of colors.
We might even, if we thought this way, have less crime.
We must begin to create the tools of leadership which they, and their young frontiersmen, will require to lead us onward and upward.
We must believe that it is the darkest before the dawn of a beautiful new world.
We must call a copper.
We must die because we have known them.
We must guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence.
We must keep a reference count of the pointers to each cons.
We must not fail to comprehend its grave implications.
We must provide a Great Age or see the collapse of the upward striving of the human race.
We must report that during the handling of your twelve 35mm Kodachrome slide orders, the films were involved in an unusual laboratory experience.
We need to find out where we are.
We need to find some new terms to describe the rest of us mere mortals then.
We never do work when we're ruined, said she.
We never make assertions, Miss Taggart, said Hugh Akston.
We never recommend any of our graduates, although we cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed their courses.
We no like to with the gringo fight, But there might be a death in Mexico tonite.
We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
We only found out about the escape at 6:30 the next morning when one of the prisoners told us, a warder said later.
We own what we learned back there.
We place two copies of PEOPLE magazine in a DARK, HUMID mobile home.
We pray for one last landing On the globe that gave us birth; Let us rest our eyes on the fleecy skies And the cool, green hills of Earth.
We prefer the ways of peaceful contact.
We prefer to believe that the absence of inverted commas guarantees the originality of a thought, whereas it may be merely that the utterer has forgotten its source.
We prefer to speak evil of ourselves rather than not speak of ourselves at all.
We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
We promise to relieve you of the burden of your great potential.
We ran all the way to the far shore, and if we had been in a Warner Brothers cartoon we would have run right INTO the beach, and you would have seen these two mounds of sand racing across the island until they bonked into trees and coconuts fell onto their heads.
We rarely find anyone who can say he has lived a happy life, and who, content with his life, can retire from the world like a satisfied guest.
We read to say that we have read.
We really don't have any enemies.
We really want mercy: You see, 'tis the justice, disgusts us.
We reserve the right to do the absolute minimum provided by law, up to and including nothing.
We resolve and absolve; But we never dissolve, Since it's out of the question for us To bring our committee To end like this ditty, Which stops with a period, thus.
We revise the agenda And reiterate all of our thoughts.
We ride before the break of day!
We scientists, whose tragic destiny it has been to make the methods of annihilation ever more gruesome and more effective, must consider it our solemn and transcendent duty to do all in our power in preventing these weapons from being used for the brutal purpose for which they were invented.
We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
We seem to have changed our position in space.
We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
We shall bury him in it.
We shall have to shift from the materialistic, dualistic belief that people and their environment are separate, toward a new conciousness of an all-encompassing reality, which embraces the experiencing ego, a reality in which people feel their oneness with animate nature and all of creation.
We shall reach greater and greater platitudes of achievement.
We shipped it before and can do it again.
We should be careful to get out of an experience only the wisdom that is in it - and stay there, lest we be like the cat that sits down on a hot stove-lid.
We should be glad we're living in the time that we are.
We should be reluctant to turn back upon the frontier of this epoch.
We should have a Vollyballocracy.
We should have a great many fewer disputes in the world if only words were taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas only, and not for things themselves.
We should realize that a city is better off with bad laws, so long as they remain fixed, then with good laws that are constantly being altered, that the lack of learning combined with sound common sense is more helpful than the kind of cleverness that gets out of hand, and that as a general rule, Our target is 300 new fortunes by the end of the week.
We sing about beauty, and we sing about truth, At ten thousand dollars a show.
We sing from the diaphragm a lot.
We slip away as we always will, you pathetic creatures.
We slip away from all your armed might, laughing at your clumsiness!
We spent years of wild buying on credit, everything under the sun, whether we needed it or not, and now we are having to pay for it, howling like a pet coon.
We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back to one.
We switched on the driving.
We take all kind of pills to give us all kind of thrills, But the thrill we've never known, Is the thrill that'll get'cha, when you get your picture, On the cover of the Rolling Stone.
We talked about it for a long time.
We thank you for your unkind attention, And would now like to present our next act: The Four Corners of the Round Table.
We the unwilling, led by the ungrateful, are doing the impossible.
We their sons are more worthless than they: so in our turn we shall give the world a progeny yet more corrupt.
We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.
We thrive on euphemism.
We took some pictures of the native girls, but they weren't developed.
We took what we had and we ripped it apart, Now here I am down in Kingstown again.
We totally deny the allegations, and we're trying to identify the allegators.
We tried to close Ohio's borders and ran into a Constitutional problem.
We tried to ignore them but they threatened us with the attack shark at which point we relented.
We trust you will pay in advance.
We use Linux for all our mission-critical applications.
We want to create puppets that pull their own strings.
We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
We was playin' the Homestead Grays in the city of Pitchburgh.
We were 15 days on the water, and 3 on the boat when we finally arrived in Africa.
We were both holding bottles of juice.
We were experienced waders, and we kept our heads.
We were happily married for eight months.
We were so poor that we thought new clothes meant someone had died.
We were so poor we couldn't afford a watchdog.
We were young and our happiness dazzled us with its strength.
We who revel in nature's diversity and feel instructed by every animal tend to brand Homo sapiens as the greatest catastrophe since the Cretaceous extinction.
We will also briefly discuss our recent efforts to apply wisdom engineering to oil exploration.
We will civilize and alter ourselves to suit our ideas of what we can be.
We will dump no core before its time.
We will see it when we believe it.
We will suggest these represent a proper subset of frog-computable functions.
We wish to discourage any thoughts that you may not need all of whatever you have, and you should not consider having anything removed.
We wish you a Hare Krishna We wish you a Hare Krishna We wish you a Hare Krishna And a Sun Myung Moon!
We won't need reservations.
We wouldn't even need to roof it over.
We wrote the book on core dumps.
We'd eat some stuff or not and then I think we went home.
We'd run the thing through PRL.
We'll be happy to see your money again next year.
We'll be recording at the Paradise Friday night.
We'll be waiting for you!
We'll bury them today.
We'll cross that bridge when we come back to it later.
We'll document it in the manual.
We'll find you another game, sir.
We'll fix it in software.
We'll get back to Evelyn in one minute.
We'll have to print your files on It takes nine hundred K.
We'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it.
We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr.
We'll save Australia.
We'll send you another pack if it fails.
We'll set everybody free!
We'll teach you that you can't have your Kate and Edith, too.
We'll try to cooperate fully with the IRS, because, as citizens, we feel a strong patriotic duty not to go to jail.
We're about to set a new record.
We're adders, and we need logs to multiply.
We're all disenchanted.
We're all in this alone.
We're all looking for a woman who can sit in a mini-skirt and talk philosophy, executing both with confidence and style.
We're all sorry for the other guy when he loses his job to a machine.
We're back in the universe again.
We're beaming down to the planet, sir.
We're big but bigger we will be, We can't fail for all can see, that to serve humanity Has been our aim.
We're constantly being bombarded by insulting and humiliating music, which people are making for you the way they make those Wonder Bread products.
We're dealing with beliefs that go back to the ancient Babylonians.
We're fantastically incredibly sorry for all these extremely unreasonable things we did.
We're fighting against humanism, we're fighting against liberalism.
We're going to a new disco!
We're going to eat your food, knock down your tent and poop on your shoes.
We're going to watch you day and night.
We're gonna spread the blame, campers!
We're here to cheer each pioneer and also proudly boast, Of that man of men our sterling president The name of T.
We're here to give you a computer, not a religion.
We're human beings with the blood of a million savage years on our hands!
We're isolates, Arnold.
We're living in a golden age.
We're moving to Hollywood.
We're no longer interested in finding out the truth.
We're not talking about the same thing, he said.
We're offering a substantial reward.
We're on the road and we're gunning for the Buddha.
We're only in it for the volume.
We're protected by federal law, just like Richard Nixon.
We're running out of adjectives to describe our situation.
We're scared, Mother!
We're so glad you could attend, come inside, come inside!
We're the Phone Company.
We're way short of our sales goals for fiscal 2010.
We're working on something else.
We're, all of us, looking for the key.
We've GOT to make noises in greater amounts!
We've been getting complaints about this party.
We've done so much, for so long, with so little, that we are now qualified to do something with nothing.
We've finally got you talking jargon too!
We've fought our way thru And new fields we're sure to conquer, too For the Ever Onward IBM!
We've found a bug in Lisp, and Algol Until the first of May.
We've got a problem, HAL.
We've got to find a way off this planet.
We've had quite enough of you bellowing bungle!
We've learned to tie into every organ in the human body but one.
We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away.
We've tried each spinning space mote And reckoned its true worth: Take us back again to the homes of men On the cool, green hills of Earth.
Wear Glasses If You Need 'Em.
Wear me as a seal upon your heart, as a seal upon your arm; for love is strong as death, passion cruel as the grave; it blazes up like blazing fire, fiercer than any flame.
Wear your best clothes, if you don't have any, And please stay at home if you can possibly be there.
Wearing a blindfold often makes many diet foods more palatable.
Wedding is destiny, and hanging likewise.
Wedding rings are the world's smallest handcuffs.
Weekend, where are you?
Weekends were made for programming.
Weinberg, as a young grocery clerk, advised the grocery manager to get rid of rutabagas which nobody every bought.
Weiner was, in fact, very absent minded.
Weird masks and actors' clothes hung on the wall, and if he stepped across the sill and reached for them, he knew that he was committing himself to destruction.
Welcome back for you 13th consecutive week, Evelyn.
Welcome back, my friends, to the show that never ends!
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the men are strong, the women are pretty, and the children are above-average.
Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions?
Well I don't see why I have to make one man miserable when I can make so many men happy.
Well I looked at my watch and it said a quarter to five, The headline screamed that I was still alive, I couldn't understand it, I thought I died last night.
Well actually, he was asked to leave.
Well begun is half done.
Well hello there Charlie Brown, you blockhead.
Well nothing that's forced can ever be right, If it doesn't come naturally, leave it.
Well nothing that's real is ever for free And you just have to pay for it sometime.
Well thaaaaaaat's okay.
Well the diagnostics say it's fine buddy, so it's a software problem.
Well the next thing ya know, old Jed's a millionaire.
Well we left New York drunk and early on the morning of February 31.
Well, 1 is prime, 3 is prime, 5 is prime, and by induction, we have that all the odd integers are prime.
Well, Brahma said, even after ten thousand explanations, a fool is no wiser, but an intelligent man requires only two thousand five hundred.
Well, I can think of a lot of worse things, David.
Well, I don't know where they come from but they sure do come, I hope they comin' for me!
Well, I don't know, replied the friend, it was too dark to see.
Well, I hit him hard right between the eyes, And he went down, but to my surprise, Come up with a knife and cut off a piece of my ear.
Well, I met a girl, West Hollywood, Well, I ain't naming names.
Well, I remember when sex was dirty and the air was clean.
Well, I'm disenchanted too.
Well, I'm down to mine and it hasn't.
Well, I'm literate, if that's what you mean!
Well, I'm wondering, then, how serious my condition is.
Well, Jim, I'm not much of an actor either.
Well, Laurie Anderson is already Laurie Anderson, but I read an article in Harpers that said there were eleven countries, in the world this is I think, that have queens as sovereign rulers.
Well, a gal down the road had had several of her children by Dr.
Well, answered Mike, The first thing you've got to do is look like a Texan.
Well, anyway, I was reading this James Bond book, and right away I realized that like most books, it had too many words.
Well, at least not MUCH more.
Well, boys, said the Scout leader, you've just seen a rare case of carp-to-carp walleting.
Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together.
Well, buddy, I've got to leave on a business trip this weekend, and I wonder.
Well, don't worry about it.
Well, fancy giving money to the Government!
Well, follow me and I'll show you.
Well, he didn't know what to do, so he decided to look at the government, to see what they did, and scale it down and run his life that way.
Well, he thought, since neither Aristotelian Logic nor the disciplines of Science seemed to offer much hope, it's time to go beyond them.
Well, he's wearin' a paper hat, a paper shirt, paper pants and paper boots.
Well, how about one more?
Well, it does seem right.
Well, it don't make the sun shine, but at least it don't deepen the shit.
Well, it seemed like a good idea.
Well, it seems that you're right.
Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in computer repair.
Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it for a toilet.
Well, it's hard for a mere man to believe that woman doesn't have equal rights.
Well, it's quite nice, he replied, but don't you think it would be better if.
Well, just last week I was at a Chinese restaurant and when I opened my fortune cookie I found the guy's check sitting at the next table.
Well, kid, that was a great idea, said the manager.
Well, last year, I think it was a Tuesday.
Well, let's see, there's ShopRite, Pathmark.
Well, my daddy left home when I was three, And he didn't leave much for Ma and me, Just and old guitar an'a empty bottle of booze.
Well, my family eats them and I sell the plumage.
Well, no, but Real Men use rescan.
Well, now there's help.
Well, one day, in full armour, their horses, and their page, the three brothers set off to see if one of them could win her hand.
Well, only last Christmas I gave him a B-B gun and he gave me a sweatshirt with a bulls-eye on the back.
Well, our rats aren't really employees.
Well, puffed the little man.
Well, punk is kind of anti-ethical, anyway.
Well, replied the frog, the only way that this spell can be taken away is for some lovely young woman to take me home and let me spend the night under her pillow.
Well, replied the snake, I don't know what I am, either.
Well, retorted Frank, neither would Jennifer.
Well, said Programmer, the customary procedure in such cases is as follows.
Well, says the voice, I'm in heaven now.
Well, she continued, just what do you do when you're bitten by a snake?
Well, she looks at you so coolly, And her eyes shine like the moon in the sea.
Well, she said, when my folks found out about my condition, we sat up all night talkin' and talkin' and finally decided it would be better to have a bastard in the family than a lawyer.
Well, sir, replied Sam, nobody explained it to me quite so clearly before.
Well, social relevance is a schtick, like mysteries, social relevance, science fiction.
Well, some take delight in the carriages a-rolling, And some take delight in the hurling and the bowling, But I take delight in the juice of the barley, And courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early.
Well, son, snarled the Game Warden, You must be about as dumb as a box of rocks!
Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?
Well, that's how I feel all the time.
Well, the doctor replies, I've been trying to reach you since last Monday.
Well, the doctor was correct.
Well, the handwriting is on the floor.
Well, the magician is really annoyed at this, but there's not much he can do about it as the parrot is a ship's mascot and very popular with the passengers.
Well, the owner of the deli was a bit of a cheap-skate, and decided to pick up a little extra change at his customer's expense.
Well, the years and romances came and went, and I eventually ended up settling for someone a lot less than my idea of perfection.
Well, then we'll have to start on the rubbish.
Well, they like it with two lumps of sugar.
Well, they showed you a statue, told you to pray, Built you a temple and locked you away, Ah, but they never told you the price that you paid, The things that you might have done.
Well, this generation dropped it.
Well, we'll really have a party, but we've gotta post a guard outside.
Well, we're big rock singers, we've got golden fingers, And we're loved everywhere we go.
Well, what is the song then?
Well, what we have on our hands here is a dead shark.
Well, what you do know, it disintegrated.
Well, what's happening?
Well, you can forget it.
Well, you know, no matter where you go, there you are.
Well, you see, it's such a transitional creature.
Well, you're covered with soft fur, you have a little fluffy tail and long ears.
Well, you're low, cold and slimey.
Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess.
Well, you've ruined everything.
Went home and put a bullet through his head.
Were each of them once a kiddie.
Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide a grin.
Were the words that the poet, Finally chose, To bring his mad poem, To some sort of close.
Were there fewer fools, knaves would starve.
Were there no women, men might live like gods.
Were thy eyes of fury roll'd?
Were you aquainted with the deceased?
Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.
West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to remark in later life, If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a major general.
Whaddya bring back for me?
Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven?
What George Washington did for us was to throw out the British, so that we wouldn't have a fat, insensitive government running our country.
What I Did During My Fall Semester On the first day of my fall semester, I got up.
What I don't understand is just why he Can't be one or the other, unquestionably.
What I really want to do is be a shoe salesman.
What I tell you three times is true.
What I want is all of the power and none of the responsibility.
What I'd give to own that, she said, sighing.
What I've done, of course, is total garbage.
What Jove may do, is not permitted to a cow.
What Miss Manners objects to is the kind of activity that frightens the horses on the street.
What Should a Movie Do?
What a coincidence, I'm shallow too!
What a contemptible lie!
What a crime to waste it on children.
What a finely tuned response to the situation!
What a haul I made that day!
What a misfortune to be a woman!
What a wonder is USENET; such wholesale production of conjecture from such a trifling investment in fact.
What about the new 16-bit computers, like the Lisa and Fortune?
What about you: do you see it?
What about your father, Billy?
What ails you that you keep on arguing?
What am I going to do with this?
What am I, a doctor or a moonshuttle conductor?
What am I, a philosopher?
What an artist dies with me!
What an author likes to write most is his signature on the back of a cheque.
What are the chances of a cat starting a nuclear war?
What are you watching?
What awful irony is this?
What better proof that the Progenitors favor not you, but us!
What can you tell us about the truthfulness and veracity of this defendant?
What causes the mysterious death of everyone?
What color is a chameleon on a mirror?
What could possibly be worse than that?
What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas?
What did Tarzan say when he saw the elephants coming over the hill?
What did it matter what anyone knew or ignored?
What did it matter who was manager?
What did ya do with your burden and your cross?
What did you bring that book I didn't want to be read to out of about Down Under up for?
What did you do when the ship sank?
What did you say about my mother?
What do I consider a reasonable person to be?
What do Winnie the Pooh and John the Baptist have in common?
What do agnostic, insomniac dyslexics do at night?
What do little WASPs want to be when they grow up?
What do monsters drink?
What do monsters eat?
What do they call the alphabet in Arkansas?
What do wabbits do when they get tiwed of wunning awound?
What do you call 15 blondes in a circle?
What do you call a blind pre-historic animal with a dog?
What do you call a blind pre-historic animal?
What do you call a blind, deaf-mute, quadraplegic Virginian?
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back?
What do you call a half-dozen Indians with Asian flu?
What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest fantasies?
What do you get when you cross a mobster with an international standard?
What do you get when you cross the Godfather with an attorney?
What do you give a man who has everything?
What do you have when you have a lawyer buried up to his neck in sand?
What do you have when you have six lawyers buried up to their necks in sand?
What do you intend to do with it?
What do you keep that mouse for?
What do you mean by benevolence and righteousness?
What do you mean, buried them?
What do you say to a New Yorker with a job?
What do you say to a Puerto Rican in a three-piece suit?
What do you say, Piglet?
What does a WASP Mom make for dinner?
What does education often do?
What does friendship among Soviet nationalities mean?
What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?
What does it mean in the sentence What time is it?
What does it say on the bottom of Coke cans in North Dakota?
What does it take for Americans to do great things; to go to the moon, to win wars, to dig canals linking oceans, to build railroads across a continent?
What does it taste like?
What does not destroy me, makes me stronger.
What does that make YOU?
What does woman want?
What does your mother do all day?
What dread grasp Dare frame thy fearful symmetry?
What else would induce a spectator to sit out in the open in subfreezing weather?
What ever happened to happily ever after?
What ever you want is going to cost a little more than it is worth.
What excuses stand in your way?
What foods these morsels be!
What fools these morals be!
What fools these mortals be.
What force or influence, what sort of energy would travel from the planets and stars to all human beings and affect our development or fate?
What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
What goes up must come down.
What good is a Kaiser Roll without a little COLE SLAW on the SIDE?
What good is a ticket to the good life, if you can't find the entrance?
What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
What good is it if you talk in flowers, and they think in pastry?
What happened last night can happen again.
What happened to the crewman?
What happens if one spreads Blue Bonnet margarine on a Ritz cracker?
What happens if you've got TWO flats?
What happens to a dream deferred?
What happens when four WASPs find themselves in the same room?
What happens when you cut back the jungle?
What has roots as nobody sees, Is taller than trees, Up, up it goes, And yet never grows?
What hath Bob wrought?
What have you got to gain by speaking to the driver?
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists?
What if he had written this piece with lyrics, as a song to be sung?
What if is a trademark of Hewlett Packard, so stop using it in your sentences without permission, or risk being sued.
What if nothing exists and we're all in somebody's dream?
What in essence it consists of is a horizontal rectilinear plane surface maintained by four vertical columnar supports, which we call legs.
What in the world do you think you're doing?
What in the world ever became of Sweet Jane?
What inner force drove this first athlete?
What is a compact city?
What is a kludge, after all, but not enough K's, not enough ROM's, not enough RAM's, poor quality interface and too few bytes to go around?
What is a magician but a practising theorist?
What is algebra, exactly?
What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
What is green and lives in the ocean?
What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's enemies.
What is irritating about love is that it is a crime that requires an accomplice.
What is it about the job that makes it worth revealing, on national television, that you have the ethical standards of a slime-coated piece of industrial waste?
What is it that you are stealing?
What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
What is orange and goes click, click?
What is printed on the bottom of beer bottles in Minnesota?
What is purple and commutes?
What is purple and concord the world?
What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
What is the 'Body of a rock'?
What is the Latin for office automation?
What is the Nature of God?
What is the difference between Texas and yogurt?
What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer?
What is the difference between a duck?
What is the name of the world's oldest kamikaze pilot?
What is the reason for this?
What is the robbing of a bank compared to the founding of a bank?
What is the sound of one cat napping?
What is the sound of one hand clapping?
What is the state capital of Idaho?
What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite.
What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.
What is your Purpose in Life, anyway?
What is your brother-in-law's name?
What is your relationship with the plaintiff?
What kind of love is that?
What kind of man would live where there is no daring?
What kind of problem, Dave?
What kind of sordid business are you on now?
What kludge is that, Dave?
What lies on the bottom of the ocean and twitches?
What light through yonder window breaks?
What lovely diamonds!
What made you so awfully clever?
What makes the universe so hard to comprehend is that there's nothing to compare it with.
What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.
What makes you think graduate school is supposed to be satisfying?
What man has done, man can aspire to do.
What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself.
What men are poets who can speak of Jupiter if he were like a man, but if he is an immense spinning sphere of methane and ammonia must be silent?
What neighborhood people there are start to talk, and what kids there are start to get curious.
What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working when he's staring out the window.
What nonsense people talk about happy marriages!
What on earth would a man do with himself if something did not stand in his way?
What one expects from others.
What one fool can do, another can.
What orators lack in depth they make up in length.
What others are not thinking about you.
What pains others pleasures me, At home am I in Lisp or C; There i couch in ecstasy, 'Til debugger's poke i flee, Into kernel memory.
What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
What passes for woman's intuition is often nothing more than man's transparency.
What people have been reduced to are mere 3-D representations of their own data.
What publishers are looking for these days isn't radical feminism.
What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?
What scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch?
What segment's this, that, laid to rest On FHA0, is sleeping?
What should the entire human race DO?
What sin has not been committed in the name of efficiency?
What so proudly we hailed at the twilight's last gleaming?
What stifled my laughter is that the image fits.
What terrible way to die.
What that means is that if the supervisor wants productivity, he has to know how to raise bail.
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
What the deuce is it to me?
What the gods would destroy they first submit to an IEEE standards committee.
What the government has got to do is live as cheap as the people.
What the hand dare seize the fire?
What the hell is it good for?
What the large print giveth, the small print taketh away.
What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
What they did for Iacocca Will be perfectly acceptable to me!
What they mean: A major technological breakthrough.
What they meant: I recommend this candidate with no qualifications whatsoever.
What they meant: If you knew this person as well as I know him, you would think as much of him as I do.
What they meant: You will be fortunate if you can get him to work for you.
What they really hate is lousy programmers.
What this country needs is a dime that will buy a good five-cent bagel.
What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.
What this country needs is a good five cent nickel.
What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon.
What this means for you, the consumer, is that the airlines are no longer required to follow any rules whatsoever.
What thou doest when thy phone is on the fritzeth.
What two computers engage in before they interface.
What upsets me is not that you lied to me, but that from now on I can no longer believe you.
What use are words that drive not to the heart?
What use is magic if it can't save a unicorn?
What use is wizardry if it cannot save a unicorn?
What was he doing with the dog's ears?
What was the greatest achievement in taxidermy?
What was the worst thing you've ever done?
What we Are is God's gift to us.
What we Become is our gift to God.
What we anticipate seldom occurs; what we least expect generally happens.
What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
What we do not understand we do not possess.
What we need in this country, instead of Daylight Savings Time, which nobody really understands anyway, is a new concept called Weekday Morning Time, whereby at 7 a.
What we need is either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
What we wish, that we readily believe.
What were you and your husband doing at that time?
What will you do if all your problems aren't solved by the time you die?
What with all the time these people spent pinned under the tractor, I don't see how they managed to grow any crops whatsoever.
What with chromodynamics and electroweak too Our Standardized Model should please even you, Tho' once you did say that of charm there was none It took courage to switch as to say Earth moves not Sun.
What you choose to do with them is up to you.
What you do about it is your decision, your choice: give him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake through his heart.
What you don't know can hurt you, only you won't know it.
What you don't know won't help you much either.
What you end up with, after running an operating system concept through these many marketing coffee filters, is something not unlike plain hot water.
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
What you give a person when they are going away.
What you left out on April 15th.
What you regret not doing later on.
What you see is from outside yourself, and may come, or not, but is beyond your control.
What you should do is throw the kind of party where your guest wake up several days from now and call their lawyers to find out if they've been indicted for anything.
What you want, what you're hanging around in the world waiting for, is for something to occur to you.
What you'd say if you had another chance.
What's a WASP's idea of open-mindedness?
What's all this brouhaha?
What's another word for thesaurus?
What's buried in Grant's tomb?
What's done to children, they will do to society.
What's for breakfast?
What's good about it?
What's happened to that caretaker?
What's hard going in and soft and sticky coming out?
What's he wanted for?
What's his first name?
What's in your brochure's pages.
What's love but a second-hand emotion?
What's never known is safest in this life.
What's one little bug?
What's page one, a preemptive strike?
What's so special about a loon?
What's tan and black and looks great on a lawyer?
What's the MATTER Sid?
What's the Pink Panther say when he steps on an ant hill?
What's the contour integral around Western Europe?
What's the difference betweeen USL and the Graf Zeppelin?
What's the difference between Bell Labs and the Boy Scouts of America?
What's the difference between USL and the Titanic?
What's the difference between a Mac and an Etch-a-Sketch?
What's the difference between a computer salesman and a used car salesman?
What's the difference between a duck and an elephant?
What's the difference between an Irish wedding and an Irish wake?
What's the difference between the 1950's and the 1980's?
What's the first question that the computer community asks?
What's the matter with the world?
What's the use of a good quotation if you can't change it?
What's this place called?
What's this script do?
What's this stuff about people being released on their own recognizance?
What's tiny and yellow and very, very, dangerous?
What's worn under the kilt?
What's wrong with you?
What's wrong, you lose my number?
What's yellow, and equivalent to the Axiom of Choice?
What, after all, is a halo?
What, still alive at twenty-two, A clean upstanding chap like you?
What, the ability to form imaginary constructs?
Whatever I can pry up is not nailed down.
Whatever THAT meant, well, I just couldn't guess.
Whatever became of eternal truth?
Whatever doesn't succeed in two months and a half in California will never succeed.
Whatever is not nailed down is mine.
Whatever is said in Latin sounds profound.
Whatever it is, I fear Greeks even when they bring gifts.
Whatever occurs from love is always beyond good and evil.
Whatever the missing mass of the universe is, I hope it's not cockroaches!
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good.
Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it.
Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like other people.
Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
Whattaya got for collateral?
Wheeled and soared and swung High in the sunlit silence.
When Alexander Graham Bell died in 1922, the telephone people interrupted service for one minute in his honor.
When BYTE Magazine was preparing our 1984 Kermit article for publication, they suggested we contact Henson Associates Inc.
When David Schwartz left university in 1972, he set up Rent-a-wreck as a joke.
When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?
When God created two sexes, he may have been overdoing it.
When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
When God saw how faulty was man He tried again and made woman.
When I arose to open for my beloved, my hands dripped with myrrh; the liquid myrrh from my fingers ran over the knobs of the bolt.
When I came back to Dublin I was courtmartialed in my absence and sentenced to death in my absence, so I said they could shoot me in my absence.
When I first arrived in this country I had only fifteen cents in my pocket and a willingness to compromise.
When I first started working 40 years ago, a factory supervisor was focused on the product.
When I hear a man applauded by the mob I always feel a pang of pity for him.
When I heated my home with oil, I used an average of 800 gallons a year.
When I left you, I was but the pupil.
When I look down from a high spot, I want to spit.
When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know who have gone to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life.
When I saw a sign on the freeway that said, Los Angeles 445 miles, I said to myself, I've got to get out of this lane.
When I say the magic word to all these people, they will vanish forever.
When I see you, I feel like I'm hungry all over.
When I sell liquor, it's called bootlegging; when my patrons serve it on silver trays on Lake Shore Drive, it's called hospitality.
When I sits, I sits easy.
When I smile tell me some bad news, Before I laugh and act like a fool.
When I think about myself.
When I was 16, I thought there was no hope for my father.
When I was a boy I was told that anybody could become President.
When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if I had any firearms with me.
When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
When I was little, I went into a pet shop and they asked how big I'd get.
When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I cannot remember any but the things that never happened.
When I went anywhere, I had to be going 65 MPH by the end of my driveway.
When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.
When I woke up this morning, my girlfriend asked if I had slept well.
When I works, I works hard.
When I'm gone, boxing will be nothing again.
When I'm good, I'm great; but when I'm bad, I'm better.
When IBM recently abandoned some of its original standards and decreed new ones, many of its rivals declared a puritan allegiance to IBM's original faith, and denounced the company as a divisive innovator.
When Lord Copper was right he said Definitely, Lord Copper; when he was wrong, Up to a point.
When Marriage is Outlawed, Only Outlaws will have Inlaws.
When My Love Comes Back from the Ladies' Room Will I Be Too Old to Care?
When Satan heard of this, he grinned and said, And just where do you think you're going to find a lawyer?
When Sir John Denham, the Royalist poet, heard of Wither's imminent execution, he went to the King and begged that his life be spared.
When Yahweh your gods has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and driven out many infidels before you.
When a JCL syntax error is detected or your job ABENDs, the window-oriented JCL debugger is entered.
When a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far!
When a cow laughs, does milk come out of its nose?
When a fellow says, It ain't the money but the principle of the thing, it's the money.
When a fly lands on the ceiling, does it do a half roll or a half loop?
When a girl can read the handwriting on the wall, she may be in the wrong rest room.
When a girl marries she exchanges the attentions of many men for the inattentions of one.
When a lion meets another with a louder roar, the first lion thinks the last a bore.
When a lot of remedies are suggested for a disease, that means it can't be cured.
When a man assumes a public trust, he should consider himself as public property.
When a man is tired of London, he is tired of life.
When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
When a man marries again, it is because he adored his first wife.
When a man says he is ready to go out, it means he is ready to go out.
When a man sits with a pretty girl for an hour, it seems like a minute.
When a man steals your wife, there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.
When a man you don't like does it, he is a liar who has broken his promises.
When a man you like switches from what he said a year ago, or four years ago, he is a broad-minded man who has courage enough to change his mind with changing conditions.
When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.
When a place gets crowded enough to require ID's, social collapse is not far away.
When a politician rubs his nose, he isn't lying.
When a politician scratches his collar bone, he isn't lying.
When a politician tugs on his ear, he isn't lying.
When a program is being tested, it is too late to make design changes.
When a programmer used his new computer terminal, all was fine when he was sitting down, but he couldn't log in to the system when he was standing up.
When a relationship ends, a woman will cry and pour her heart out to her girlfriends, and she will write a poem titled All Men Are Idiots.
When a shepherd goes to kill a wolf, and takes his dog along to see the sport, he should take care to avoid mistakes.
When a woman gives me a present I have always two surprises: first is the present, and afterward, having to pay for it.
When a woman marries again it is because she detested her first husband.
When a woman marries, she gets a boarder.
When a woman saves a man's life, he is grateful.
When a woman says she is ready to go out, it means she WILL be ready to go out, as soon as she finds her earring, finishes putting on her makeup, checks on the kids, makes a phone call to her best friend.
When accountants make long-range plans, harmony and order are about to be restored.
When accountants talk of quarterly profits, the development budget is about to be cut.
When all else fails, EAT!
When all else fails, pour a pint of Guinness in the gas tank, advance the spark 20 degrees, cry God Save the Queen!
When all else fails, read the instructions.
When all else fails, try Kate Smith.
When all other means of communication fail, try words.
When along came a senorita, She looked so good that I had to meet her, I was ready to approach her with my English charm, When her brass knuckled boyfriend grabbed me by the arm, And he said, grow some funk of your own, amigo, Grow some funk of your own.
When among apes, one must play the ape.
When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
When another asserted something that I thought an error, I denied myself the pleasure of contradicting him abruptly, and of showing him immediately some absurdity in his proposition.
When are you going to grow up?
When asked by an anthropologist what the Indians called America before the white men came, an Indian said simply Ours.
When asked by her father why she had been on the phone so long, she responded I heard a funny story today and I've been telling it to the Maureens.
When asked his reason, Sir John replied, Because that so long as Wither lived, Denham would not be accounted the worst poet in England.
When asked questions about the flight, they reply that you don't want to know, don't need to know and would you please return to your seat and watch the movie.
When bad men combine, the good must associate; else they will fall one by one, an unpitied sacrifice in a contemptible struggle.
When being alive at the same time is a wonderful coincidence.
When both are against you, call the other lawyer names.
When bought they stay bought.
When character is gone, all is gone, and one of the richest jewels of life is lost forever.
When childhood dies, its corpses are called adults.
When choosing between two evils, I always like to take the one I've never tried before.
When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question, How would the Lone Ranger handle this?
When dangling, watch your participles.
When designing an operating system, the programmer seeks the simplest harmony between machine and ideas.
When did you ever see a cheerful cookie, a non-cynical, or even an informative cookie?
When does later become never?
When does summertime come to Minnesota, you ask?
When dreams become more important than reality, you give up travel, building, creating; you even forget how to repair the machines left behind by your ancestors.
When eating an elephant take one bite at a time.
When exposed to light they undergo photosynthesis; and when the lights go out, they turn into animals.
When he arrived, the Master was nowhere to be found.
When he did, all the other cues came crashing go the floor.
When he does his third and later ones, his prior experiences will confirm each other as to the general characteristics of such systems, and their differences will identify those parts of his experience that are particular and not generalizable.
When he got back he didn't know where he had been.
When he got there he didn't know where he was.
When he got there he realized that they had moved, that he had no idea where they had moved to, and that the piece of paper with the address was long gone.
When he is finally out of clothes, he will wear a dirty sweatshirt inside out, rent a U-Haul and take his mountain of clothes to the laundromat.
When he looks down, paraphrase the question back at him.
When he was wheeled into the insurance office to collect his check, Miller was confronted by several executives.
When he wriggles he mistakes the agitation of his tail for the trembling of the edifice.
When his mouth starts moving, that's when he's lying!
When his turn came to shoot, Dutsky nervously plunked down his entire wad, shook the dice and rolled.
When his wife died his friends believed he would marry her, and urged him to do so.
When his work is done, he deletes it.
When his work is done, the users say, Amazing: we implemented it, all by ourselves!
When in charge, ponder.
When in doubt, do it.
When in doubt, follow your heart.
When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
When in doubt, lead trump.
When in doubt, mumble.
When in doubt, mumble; when in trouble, delegate; when in charge, ponder.
When in doubt, print 'em out.
When in doubt, suggest that a subcommittee be appointed.
When in doubt, tell the truth.
When in doubt, use brute force.
When in panic, fear and doubt, Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.
When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
When in trouble, delegate.
When it absolutely, positively HAS to crash overnight.
When it comes to foreign food, the less authentic the better.
When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
When it comes to humility, I'm the greatest.
When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.
When it is not necessary to make a decision, it is necessary not to make a decision.
When it isn't, don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
When it's converted to energy?
When it's dark enough you can see the stars.
When it's growing, you don't mind watering it with a few tears.
When it's put to the test.
When license fees are too high, users do things by hand.
When logic and proportion Get up and tell you where to go.
When love is gone, there's always justice.
When man calls an animal vicious, he usually means that it will attempt to defend itself when he tries to kill it.
When managers hold endless meetings, the programmers write games.
When managers make commitments, game programs are ignored.
When my brain begins to reel from my literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
When my fist clenches crack it open, Before I use it and lose my cool.
When my freshman roommate at Cornell found out I was Jewish, she was, at her request, moved to a different room.
When neither their poverty nor their honor is touched, the majority of men live content.
When nothing can possibly go wrong, it will.
When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
When one has tasted it, he knows what the angels eat.
When one knows women one pities men, but when one studies men, one excuses women.
When oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U.
When people are least sure, they are often most dogmatic.
When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.
When pleasure remains, does it remain a pleasure?
When properly administered, vacations do not diminish productivity: for every week you're away and get nothing done, there's another when your boss is away and you get twice as much done.
When replying to one of your own memos.
When senior scientists address the problems at hand, the problems will soon be solved.
When senior scientists talk blue sky, the clouds are about to roll in.
When several days passed without rescue, the couple and their pilot sank into a despondent silence.
When she awoke the next morning, sure enough, there beside her in bed was a very young, handsome man, clearly of royal blood.
When she got there, the cupboard was bare And so was her daughter, I guess.
When she hauled ass, it took three trips.
When she was good, she was very, very good And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
When she was just small.
When should a man marry?
When some people decide it's time for everyone to make big changes, it means that they want you to change first.
When some people discover the truth, they just can't understand why everybody isn't eager to hear it.
When somebody there predicted the market for microprocessors would eventually be in the millions, someone else said, Where are they all going to go?
When someone says I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done, give him a lollipop.
When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
When taxes are due, Americans tend to feel quite bled-white and blue.
When that feared moment arives, Ask not for whom the bell tolls, It tolls for thee.
When the English language gets in my way, I walk over it.
When the Guru administers, the users are hardly aware that he exists.
When the affection IS the entertainment, we no longer call it dating.
When the author of the original memo is much bigger than you are.
When the ax entered the forest, the trees said, The handle is one of us!
When the blind lead the blind they will both fall over the cliff.
When the bosses talk about improving productivity, they are never talking about themselves.
When the candles are out all women are fair.
When the copy of your floppy's getting sloppy on the disk, And the microcode instructions cause unnecessary risc, Then you have to flash your memory and you'll want to ram your rom.
When the cup is full, carry it level.
When the day is done and the moon comes out, And you hear the printer whining and the rk's seems to count, When the other desks are empty and their terminals glassy grey, And the load is only 1.
When the facts are against you, argue the law.
When the fan finally bought his ticket, he was thirsty, so he went to buy a drink.
When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.
When the going gets tough, everyone leaves.
When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical.
When the going gets tough, the tough go grab a beer.
When the going gets tough, the tough go shopping.
When the going gets weird, the weird turn pro.
When the government bureau's remedies don't match your problem, you modify the problem, not the remedy.
When the law is against you, argue the facts.
When the leaders speak of peace The common folk know That war is coming When the leaders curse war The mobilization order is already written out.
When the lodge meeting broke up, Meyer confided to a friend.
When the man left, the guard took him aside and searched his clothes, but nothing was to be found.
When the management is too intrusive, users lose their spirit.
When the master asked about this, the novice became indignant.
When the merry click of the two-base lick Will be heard throughout the land.
When the night-shadows fall, then the door will open, Out of the winfow-panes light will twinkle yellow.
When the novice asked the master to evaluate his progress, the master criticized him for writing unstructured programs, saying: What is appropriate for the master is not appropriate for the novice.
When the officer moved to arrest the suspects, one dog growled at him while the other leapt up and bit his thigh.
When the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem starts to look like a nail.
When the only tool you have is a hammer, you tend to treat everything as if it were a nail.
When the politicians walk around with their hands in their own pockets.
When the programmer was seated he was a touch typist and the problem went unnoticed, but when he stood he was led astray by hunting and pecking.
When the revolution comes, count your change.
When the rider gets close enough, the crawling man whispers through his sun-parched lips, Water.
When the saleman's car broke down, he walked to the nearest farmhouse to ask if he could stay the night.
When the second new arrival came, Einstein once again inquired as to the newcomer's IQ.
When the speaker and he to whom he is speaks do not understand, that is metaphysics.
When the stars threw down their spears The cruel fire of thine eyes?
When the sun shineth, make hay.
When the switch to Common Lisp occurs both machines will, of course, be Type O.
When the weight of the paperwork equals the weight of the plane, the plane will fly.
When the wind is great, bow before it; when the wind is heavy, yield to it.
When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
When there is an old maid in the house, a watch dog is unnecessary.
When they arrived at the court of the kingdom, they found that they were expected to present the Princess with some treasure.
When they demanded 5,000 pounds in cash, the head cashier laughed at them, convinced that it was a practical joke.
When they eventually checked, the prison guards found that exactly half of the gaol's population was missing.
When they got to the top, the lad cleared his throat and he shouted out, YOPP!
When they're maids they're mild as milk: once make 'em wives, and they lean their backs against their marriage certificates, and defy you.
When they've blackballed, bamboozled, and burned you, When they've turned on you, Tory and Whig, Though you may be thrown over by Tabby and Rover, You'll never go wrong with a pig, a pig, You'll never go wrong with a pig!
When things go well, expect something to explode, erode, collapse or just disappear.
When things just can't possibly get any worse, they will.
When this bird moves across the land, it brings a message from Corporate Headquarters.
When this can was originally introduced, it appeared flashy and colorful, but the design hasn't changed much over the years, so it appears dated now.
When this load is DONE I think I'll wash it AGAIN.
When this person left our employ, we were quite hopeful he would go a long way with his skills.
When traveling, never leave a country hungry.
When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
When two people have been on enough dates, they generally fall in love.
When uselessness just isn't enough.
When users lack knowledge and desire, management will not try to interfere.
When users see one GUI as beautiful, other user interfaces become ugly.
When users see some programs as winners, other programs become lossage.
When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary.
When we get to October 2, we'll add up the wins, and then we'll either all go into the playoffs, or we'll all go home and play golf.
When we jumped into Sicily, the units became separated, and I couldn't find anyone.
When we talk of tomorrow, the gods laugh.
When we think about risk, human beings and corporations realize in their heads that risks are necessary to grow, to survive.
When we write programs that learn, it turns out we do and they don't.
When winter passed, she came again, And her song released the sudden spring, Like rising lark, and falling rain, And melting water bubbling.
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes; when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues.
When you agree completely with the author of an memo.
When you and I are far apart Can sorrow break your tender heart?
When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
When you are about to do an objective and scientific piece of investigation of a topic, it is well to gave the answer firmly in hand, so that you can proceed forthrightly, without being deflected or swayed, directly to the goal.
When you are at Rome live in the Roman style; when you are elsewhere live as they live elsewhere.
When you are in it up to your ears, keep your mouth shut.
When you are working hard, get up and retch every so often.
When you are young, you enjoy a sustained illusion that sooner or later something marvelous is going to happen, that you are going to transcend your parents' limitations.
When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend.
When you become used to never being alone, you may consider yourself Americanized.
When you can't afford to be right.
When you develop encryption, more users become crackers.
When you dial a wrong number you never get a busy signal.
When you die, you lose a very important part of your life.
When you dig another out of trouble, you've got a place to bury your own.
When you don't know anything, and someone else finds out.
When you don't know what to do, walk fast and look worried.
When you don't know what you are doing, do it neatly.
When you feel sophisticated without being able to pronounce it.
When you find yourself in danger, When you're threatened by a stranger, When it looks like you will take a lickin'.
When you get what you want in your struggle for self And the world makes you king for a day, Just go to a mirror and look at yourself And see what that man has to say.
When you get your PH.
When you go into court you are putting your fate into the hands of twelve people who weren't smart enough to get out of jury duty.
When you go out into the world, watch for traffic, hold hands, and stick together.
When you go out to buy, don't show your silver.
When you got it, flaunt it!
When you have an efficient government, you have a dictatorship.
When you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
When you have power you are surrounded by people whose job it is to take the blame for your mistakes.
When you have to kill a man it costs nothing to be polite.
When you jump for joy, beware that no-one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
When you know absolutely nothing about the topic, make your forecast by asking a carefully selected probability sample of 300 others who don't know the answer either.
When you leave, take someone with you.
When you like to think of someone on days that begin with a morning.
When you live in a sick society, just about everything you do is wrong.
When you look around you can always see somebody who did worse.
When you look at it that way.
When you make your mark in the world, watch out for guys with erasers.
When you meet a master swordsman, show him your sword.
When you overesteem great hackers, more users become cretins.
When you say something to another which everyone knows isn't true.
When you say that you agree to a thing in principle, you mean that you have not the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice.
When you scuffed your feet, you picked up batches of electrons, which are very small objects that carpet manufacturers weave into carpets so they will attract dirt.
When you speak to others for their own good it's advice; when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.
When you starve with a tiger, the tiger starves last.
When you stop to smell the flowers, are they afraid?
When you take one from the fridge, it opens itself.
When you try to make an impression, the chances are that is the impression you will make.
When you wake up in the morning, Pooh, said Piglet at last, what's the first thing you say to yourself?
When you were born, a big chance was taken for you.
When you're a Yup You're a Yup all the way From your first slice of Brie To your last Cabernet.
When you're a Yup You're not just a dreamer You're making things happen You're driving a Beamer.
When you're away, I'm restless, lonely, Wretched, bored, dejected; only Here's the rub, my darling dear I feel the same when you are near.
When you're bored with yourself, marry, and be bored with someone else.
When you're dining out and you suspect something's wrong, you're probably right.
When you're down and out, lift up your voice and shout, I'M DOWN AND OUT!
When you're in command, command.
When you're married to someone, they take you for granted.
When you're ready to give up the struggle, who can you surrender to?
When your IQ rises to 28, sell.
When your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn They will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem.
When your memory goes, forget it!
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt.
Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man I want my children to spend their weekends with?
Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
Whenever I get lonely, I open it up a little bit, and I get a phone call.
Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Whenever Snoopy starts typing his novel from the top of his doghouse, beginning It was a dark and stormy night.
Whenever a system becomes completely defined, some damn fool discovers something which either abolishes the system or expands it beyond recognition.
Whenever anyone says, theoretically, they really mean, not really.
Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
Whenever people agree with me, I always think I must be wrong.
Whenever someone tells you to take their advice, you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.
Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
Whenever we had chicken for dinner, we would all want a drumstick, so we'd have to kill two chickens.
Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform.
Whenever you talk on the phone, your local computer listens in.
Where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?
Where did you get this meat?
Where did you hide the ship?
Where do I find nothing?
Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
Where do you go to get anorexia?
Where do your SOCKS go when you lose them in th' WASHER?
Where does it go when you flush?
Where is Jimmy Hoffa?
Where is John Carson now that we need him?
Where is the wise one named Knuth?
Where it is a duty to worship the sun it is pretty sure to be a crime to examine the laws of heat.
Where on earth do they all go to?
Where seagulls flew over their nest.
Where shall I begin, please your Majesty ?
Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?
Where shall we have lunch?
Where so many people died.
Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks, And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
Where the system is concerned, you're not allowed to ask Why?
Where there are visible vapors, having their prevenance in ignited carbonaceous materials, there is conflagration.
Where there is much light there is also much shadow.
Where there is no police, there is no speed limit.
Where there's a will, there's a relative.
Where there's a will, there's an Inheritance Tax.
Where there's no emotion, there's no motive for violence.
Where they say you should not wander after dark.
Where unrecorded names and navies rust, and untold hopes and anchors rot; where in her murderous hold this frigate earth is ballasted with bones of millions of the drowned; there, in that awful water-land, there was thy most familiar home.
Where was the dog at this time?
Where will it all end?
Where would you put it?
Where you stand depends on where you sit.
Where's SANDY DUNCAN?
Where's the Coke machine?
Where's the Lone Ranger take his garbage?
Where's the man could ease a heart Like a satin gown?
Where's the man could ease a heart like a satin gown?
Where's your academic honesty?
Where, oh, where, are you tonight?
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Wherever possible, put people on HOLD.
Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.
Whether seventy or sixteen, there is in every being's heart the love of wonder, the sweet amazement at the stars and the starlike things and thoughts, the undaunted challenge of events, the unfailing childlike appetite for what next, and the joy and the game of life.
Whether weary or unweary, O man, do not rest, Do not cease your single-handed struggle.
Whether you can hear it or not, The Universe is laughing behind your back.
Which is pretty amazing, because they're all cocker spaniels!
Which is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.
Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt if they don't live our way.
Which is worse: ignorance or apathy?
Which may really mess things up.
Which one asked for the clean glass?
Which raises the fear that it may not be long before we're paying somebody not to.
Which will be Her Mate.
While Bill has a great deal of experience, he certainly isn't the rigger Mort is.
While Europe's eye is fix'd on mighty things, The fate of empires and the fall of kings; While quacks of State must each produce his plan, And even children lisp the Rights of Man; Amid this mighty fuss just let me mention, The Rights of Woman merit some attention.
While I nodded, nearly napping, suddenly there came a tapping, As of some one gently rapping, rapping at my chamber door.
While and until follow each other.
While anyone can admit to themselves they were wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.
While describing his duties to the new man, Lamonte pointed to a bowl of candy on the coffee table and warned him that he was not to take any.
While hackers around it were weeping?
While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
While he was in the posture, an old lady passed an inquired if he was all right.
While in this world, are liable to leak.
While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
While money can't buy happiness, it certainly lets you choose your own form of misery.
While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never does.
While riding in a train between London and Birmingham, a woman inquired of Oscar Wilde, You don't mind if I smoke, do you?
While the engineer developed his thesis, the director leaned over to his assistant and whispered, Did you ever hear of why the sea is salt?
While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far the more certain.
While the investigating officer questioned two suspects, they patted and stroked the dogs who eventually fell asleep in front of the fire.
While the millionaires hide in Beekman place, The bag ladies throw their bones in my face, I get attacked by a kid with stereo sound, I don't want to hear it but he won't turn it down.
While the preceding poem is unarguably a change from the guarded pessimism of The Hound of Heaven, it cannot be regarded as an unqualified improvement.
While there's life, there's hope.
While they brand these tales as lies.
While they were discussing the merits of a local ring hero, the bar goes silent.
While visions of inquiries danced in their heads.
While walking down a crowded City street the other day, I heard a little urchin To a comrade turn and say, Say, Chimmey, lemme tell youse, I'd be happy as a clam If only I was de feller dat Me mudder t'inks I am.
While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's still very reassuring to know that it's still there.
While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and are making another attack.
While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are safe, for you can watch both of his.
Whip it, whip it good!
Whistler's mother is off her rocker.
White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.
White then resigns on realizing that a fifth move would involve either a Q-KR5 check or the loss of his queen.
Whither do you wander?
Whither dost thy flow chart take thou?
Whither goest thou, America, in thy shiny car in the night?
Who alterest all things with thy peering eyes.
Who am I to stone the first cast?
Who are the artists in the Computer Graphics Show?
Who can tell the secrets of their hearts and minds?
Who cares if it doesn't do anything?
Who could have supposed I should meet you in Town?
Who cuts the grass on Walton's Mountain?
Who dat who say who dat when I say who dat?
Who does not love wine, women, and song, Remains a fool his whole life long.
Who does not trust enough will not be trusted.
Who doesn't need to be reminded all the time that he is very successful.
Who enjoys his job today?
Who gets to the pot of gold first?
Who goeth a-borrowing goeth a-sorrowing.
Who guards the Guardians?
Who had a home across the way To ask them for a light.
Who has clearly never tried to use a PDP-10.
Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk ?
Who loves me will also love my dog.
Who loves not wisely but too well Will look on Helen's face in hell, But he whose love is thin and wise Will view John Knox in Paradise.
Who made the world I cannot tell; 'Tis made, and here am I in hell.
Who messed with my anti-paranoia shot?
Who needs friends when you can sit alone in your room and drink?
Who said things would get better?
Who the hell really compelled me to leave today?
Who to himself is law no law doth need, offends no law, and is a king indeed.
Who took the cork off my lunch?
Who wants to remember that escape-x-alt-control-left shift-b puts you into super-edit-debug-compile mode?
Who was that masked man?
Who was the first president of the United States?
Who were the Democratic presidential candidates?
Who will take care of the world after you're gone?
Who would frame someone with a fake?
Who wouldst not leave him in his wandering To seek for treasure in the jewelled skies, Albeit he soared with an undaunted wing?
Who's complaining about the noise?
Who's scruffy-looking?
Whodunit readers are just Spillane folks.
Whoever could feel the course of a light ray would be very happy, for it is very swift.
Whoever crosseth the bridge of Death, must answer first these questions three, ere the other side he see!
Whoever dies with the most toys wins.
Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster.
Whoever has lived long enough to find out what life is, knows how deep a debt of gratitude we owe to Adam, the first great benefactor of our race.
Whoever said, Let them eat cake.
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods.
Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.
Whom do you believe, asked Nasrudin, me or a donkey?
Whom the gods wish to destroy they first call promising.
Whom the gods would destroy, they first teach BASIC.
Whom the mad would destroy, first they make Gods.
Whose only purpose is to destroy.
Whose picture is on the back of a twenty-dollar bill?
Why I Can't Go Out With You: I'd LOVE to, but.
Why a man would want a wife is a big mystery to some people.
Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
Why are Lucas electronics more likely to leak than say Bosch?
Why are many scientists using lawyers for medical experiments instead of rats?
Why are programmers non-productive?
Why are programmers rebellious?
Why are the programmers resigning one by one?
Why are these athletic shoe salesmen following me?
Why are you bothered by its uselessness?
Why are you doing that, Master?
Why are you doing this to me?
Why are you looking under the light, you lost them in the dark!
Why are you so hard to ignore?
Why are you watching The washing machine?
Why are you watching it?
Why aren't HALs selling?
Why be a man when you can be a success?
Why be difficult when, with a bit of effort, you could be impossible?
Why bother building any more nuclear warheads until we use the ones we have?
Why can't you be a non-conformist like everyone else?
Why did Menachem Begin invade Lebanon?
Why did it have to be snakes?
Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?
Why did the Roman Empire collapse?
Why did the WASP cross the road?
Why did the astrophysicist order three hamburgers?
Why did the chicken cross the playground?
Why did the chicken cross the road?
Why did the germ cross the microscope?
Why did the lone ranger kill Tonto?
Why did the programmer call his mother long distance?
Why did the tachyon cross the road?
Why did you embarrass me like that in front of everybody?
Why did you get a divorce?
Why did you leave me here all alone?
Why do I not see it for myself?
Why do WASPs play golf ?
Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails?
Why do ducks have big flat feet?
Why do elephants have big flat feet?
Why do firemen wear red suspenders?
Why do it right when you can do it wrong?
Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another meaning?
Why do mountain climbers rope themselves together?
Why do people have so much trouble understanding the kludge?
Why do people who live near Niagara Falls have flat foreheads?
Why do seagulls live near the sea?
Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic?
Why do the poets of the present not speak of it?
Why do the police always travel in threes?
Why do they call a fast a fast, when it goes so slow?
Why do they tolerate this total subservience, this wretched existence as outcasts who are hungry all the time?
Why do we have two eyes?
Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?
Why do you blow on your hands?
Why do you expect it from a machine that humans have constructed?
Why do you find that funny?
Why do you have to know so much?
Why do you not quit your present job and join me here?
Why does New Jersey have more toxic waste dumps and California have more lawyers?
Why does a Bozo cross the street?
Why does a hearse horse snicker, hauling a lawyer away?
Why does a ship carry cargo and a truck carry shipments?
Why doesn't anyone send me the scripts that Faye Dunaway gets?
Why don't I take you home?
Why don't Scotsmen ever have coffee the way they like it?
Why don't lawyers go to the beach?
Why don't somebody print the truth about our present economic condition?
Why don't you fix your little problem.
Why don't you go chase them?
Why haven't you graduated yet?
Why he stays in the bottle.
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office?
Why is Poland just like the United States?
Why is everything RED?
Why is everything made of Lycra Spandex?
Why is it always me, teacher?
Why is it called a funny bone when it hurts so much?
Why is it no one ever sent me yet One perfect limousine, do you suppose?
Why is it taking so long for her to bring out all the good in you?
Why is it that Mexico isn't sending anyone to the '84 summer games?
Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral?
Why is the alphabet in that order?
Why is the net wired randomly?
Why isn't there a special name for the tops of your feet?
Why isn't there some cheap and easy way to prove how much she means to me?
Why lies it here, on public disk And why is it now unprotected?
Why must you tell me all your secrets when it's hard enough to love you knowing nothing?
Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they are another's.
Why not give it one more try based on the approach I've out- lined and see if you can come up with something fresh.
Why not go out on a limb?
Why not have an old-fashioned Christmas for your family this year?
Why not try it, and see how offended you are?
Why not, David, it might even be fun.
Why not, then, the last step of doing away with computers altogether?
Why on earth do people buy old bottles of wine when they can get a fresh one for a quarter of the price?
Why preyest thou thus upon the poet's heart, Vulture, whose wings are dull realities?
Why should they bother with social conventions?
Why should we subsidize intellectual curiosity?
Why should we think that collectively, as a nation, we are not bound by that same limitation?
Why the sea is salt' many times, but I never thought it important until just a moment ago.
Why use Windows, since there is a door?
Why was I born with such contemporaries?
Why was I put on this earth?
Why was Stonehenge abandoned?
Why waste negative entropy on comments, when you could use the same entropy to create bugs instead?
Why were others put on this earth?
Why won't you let me kiss you goodnight?
Why would anyone want to be called Later?
Why would the positions of celestial objects at the moment of birth have an effect on our characters, lives, or destinies?
Why would you shoot loons?
Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail?
Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?
Why, I do it again and again.
Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she kissed her cow.
Why, it's to measure with!
Why, two years ago, my daughter was swimming in the lake and bumped her head and damned near drowned, but that pig swam out and dragged her back to shore.
Why, when no honest man will deny in private that every ultimate problem is wrapped in the profoundest mystery, do honest men proclaim in pulpits that unhesitating certainty is the duty of the most foolish and ignorant?
Why, yes, young man, said the gentleman.
Why, yesterday, I had the audience glued to their seats!
Why, you've still the sunshine left you And the big blue sky.
Wide-eyed, the Child raised his voice and said once again, Why, the Emperor has no clothes!
Wilde gave her a sidelong glance and replied, I don't mind if you burn, madam.
Wilder as NO PLACE TO PARK.
Wilkes-Barre dentist who is being sought by the police in connection with the disappearance of a choir singer.
Will Rogers never met you.
Will Rogers, having paid too much income tax one year, tried in vain to claim a rebate.
Will charging the atmosphere of the workplace with the fear of excretory betrayal honestly spur productivity?
Will it improve my CASH FLOW?
Will just be another American town.
Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh?
Will the defendant please rise?
Will the third world war keep Bosom Buddies off the air?
Will trick you of your liquor, If you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.
Will you please have your master call my master at his convenience?
Will your long-winded speeches never end?
William Safire's Rules for Writers: Remember to never split an infinitive.
Willy certainly addressed this idea in Count Zero, with Katatonenkunst, the automatic box-maker and the girl's observation that the real art was the building of the machine itself, rather than its output.
Windows 95 Beer: A lot of people have taste-tested it and claim it's wonderful.
Windows 95 beer starts shipping.
Windows Airlines: The terminal is very neat and clean, the attendants all very attractive, the pilots very capable.
Windows NT Beer: Comes in 32-oz.
Windows without the X is like making love without a partner.
Winners in the 7th Annual Bulwer-Lytton Bad Writing Contest.
Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.
Winning isn't everything.
Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity.
Winston, if you were my husband, I'd put poison in your coffee.
Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
Winwood Reade is good upon the subject, said Holmes.
Wipe that smile off your face.
Wisdom is knowing what to do with what you know.
Wisdom is rarely found on the best-seller list.
Wisdom was not at the top of the graduate school mountain but there in the sandbox at nursery school.
Wish and hope succeed in discerning signs of paranormality where reason and careful scientific procedure fail.
Wish not to seem, but to be, the best.
Wishing without work is like fishing without bait.
With Congress, every time they make a joke it's a law; and every time they make a law it's a joke.
With Dido, and Eve, and poor Nell.
With LISP code and programs, We've been waiting for you.
With UNIX, if you're looking for something, you can easily and quickly check that small manual and find out that it's not there.
With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq.
With YOU, I can be MYSELF.
With a blue-elephant gun.
With a drink so good, 'tis folly to be thirsty 1929 The high sign of refreshment 1929 The pause that refreshes 1930 It had to be good to get where it is 1932 The drink that makes a pause refreshing 1935 The pause that brings friends together 1937 STOP for a pause.
With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I try to be a fraud and a half.
With a great deal of strategy and effort and shouting, we managed to maneuver the shark, over the course of about a half-hour, to a sort of corner of the lagoon, so that it had no way to escape other than to flop up onto the land and evolve.
With a rubber duck, one's never alone.
With a surprised look on his face, Big John replied, Big John has a bus pass.
With a whoop and a yell the tomatoee came after faster than I knew she could run, and grabbed my shirt and was about to brain me when Mother called her name in a sharp voice.
With all due respect to an enlightened but inferior lexicographer I beg to submit that it is the first.
With all the crashed disks, skewed data, and broken line printers, you can still have a beautiful secretary.
With all the fancy scientists in the world, why can't they just once build a nuclear balm?
With an electric mixer, beat one cup butter in a large fluffy bowl.
With arms open you allow love to come and go as it wills, freely, for it will do so anyway.
With care read the first word of each line.
With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules, and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no such thing as progress.
With five empty seats.
With foes ahead, behind us dread, Beneath the sky shall be our bed, Until at last our toil be passed, Our journey done, our errand sped.
With gently smiling jaws!
With him, he brought his favorite robot, faithful old Yewtoo Artoo, to carry his gear and do assorted camp chores.
With listening comes wisdom, with speaking repentance.
With molasses you catch flies, with vinegar you catch nobody.
With my own hands I opened to my love, but my love had turned away and gone by; my heart sank when he turned his back.
With nothing whatever to grumble at!
With obvious disgust in his voice, he snaps OK, you win, I give up.
With our unique training course, we'll show you how to write 20 lines of code and lots more besides.
With proper assistance, you might have left off at seven.
With reasonable men I will reason; with humane men I will plead; but to tyrants I will give no quarter.
With runners at first and third, and home-run hitter Ralph Kiner at bat, our manager put in the fast Brandy Davis to run for the player at first.
With that, he jumped on his carbon cycle in an activated state and sped off along the reaction pathway.
With that, the Chief Priest went to lunch.
With the end of the football season, a star player for the college team celebrated the relaxation of team curfew by attending a late-night campus party.
With the help of the Wickersham Brothers and dozens of Wickersham Uncles and Wickersham Cousins and Wickersham In-Laws, whose help I've engaged, You're going to be roped!
With the news that Nancy Reagan has referred to an astrologer when planning her husband's schedule, and reports of Californians evacuating Los Angeles on the strength of a prediction from a sixteenth-century physician and astrologer Michel de Notredame, the image of the U.
With the sweet food she makes.
With these data we can compute the temperature of Heaven.
With this code that ever grows.
With this many groups of interest, your article will be quite bizarre, so post to talk.
With those babies in the wings, we can count on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening, paper folding, or something.
With those three things I don't need no sunshine, A reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.
With three million times the surface area of the Earth, it will be some time before anyone complains of the crowding.
With your bare hands?
Within a computer, natural language is unnatural.
Within months, the rejuvenated man won the young woman's heart, and she agreed to marry him.
Within one more human lifespan, we will have changed ourselves unrecognizably.
Within, walls continued upright, bricks met neatly, floors were firm, and doors were sensibly shut; silence lay steadily against the wood and stone of Hill House, and whatever walked there, walked alone.
Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
Without a belief in human unity I am hungry and incomplete.
Without a care, they live only for their programs.
Without a conclusion in sight.
Without adventure, civilization is in full decay.
Without class and style, a man's a bum; he might as well be dead.
Without coffee he could not work, or at least he could not have worked in the way he did.
Without facts, the decision cannot be made logically.
Without followers, evil cannot spread.
Without fools there would be no wisdom.
Without freedom of choice there is no creativity.
Without ice cream life and fame are meaningless.
Without life, Biology itself would be impossible.
Without love intelligence is dangerous; without intelligence love is not enough.
Without the wind, the grass does not move.
Without you, Dover, Lacks your clean velocity.
Wizards make no difference, so they say that nothing does, but heroes are meant to die for unicorns.
Woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer, Yeah, Ah woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer The future's uncertain and the end is always near.
Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw.
Woman inspires us to great things, and prevents us from achieving them.
Woman was God's second mistake.
Woman's advice has little value, but he who won't take it is a fool.
Women are always anxious to urge bachelors to matrimony; is it from charity, or revenge?
Women are just like men, only different.
Women are like elephants to me: I like to look at them, but I wouldn't want to own one.
Women are more easily and more deeply terrified.
Women are not much, but they are the best other sex we have.
Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
Women aren't as mere as they used to be.
Women can keep a secret just as well as men, but it takes more of them to do it.
Women complain about sex more than men.
Women do laundry every couple of days.
Women give themselves to God when the Devil wants nothing more to do with them.
Women give to men the very gold of their lives.
Women professionals do tend to over-compensate.
Women reason with the heart and are much less often wrong than men who reason with the head.
Women sometimes forgive a man who forces the opportunity, but never a man who misses one.
Women think clothes are radioactive, with a half-life of one year.
Women think he is a mean, semi-dorky guy who always has a bad haircut.
Women treat us just as humanity treats its gods.
Women want their men to be cops.
Women waste men's lives and think they have indemnified them by a few gracious words.
Women wear strange socks.
Women who want to be equal to men lack imagination.
Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore; not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or graceful, or intelligent, but because they are themselves.
Women's magazines also often feature pictures of naked ladies.
Women's virtue is man's greatest invention.
Women, deceived by men, want to marry them; it is a kind of revenge as good as any other.
Women, when they are not in love, have all the cold blood of an experienced attorney.
Women, when they have made a sheep of a man, always tell him that he is a lion with a will of iron.
Won't ruin your whole day.
Wonder is the feeling of a philosopher, and philosophy begins in wonder.
Woody Allen, whose humor has become so sophisticated that nobody gets it any more except Mia Farrow.
Word of the incident propagated rapidly through the region.
Words are the voice of the heart.
Words can never express what words can never express.
Words have a longer life than deeds.
Words must be weighed, not counted.
Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do.
Work continues in this area.
Work expands to fill the time available.
Work hard for a common cause, don't let our country fall.
Work hard to improve.
Work is accomplished by those employees who have not yet reached their level of incompetence.
Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near the earth's surface relative to other matter; second, telling other people to do so.
Work is the crab grass in the lawn of life.
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Work smarter, not harder, and be careful of your speling.
Work without a vision is slavery, Vision without work is a pipe dream, But vision with work is the hope of the world.
Worked through Beta test.
Workers of the world, arise!
Working late would feel like using an undocumented external procedure.
Working once a week, he might have lasted a long time and become a great star.
Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with a valentine.
Works equally poorly on all systems.
Works well in a classroom or seminar setting.
World Series only to realize he had left his ticket at home.
World War Three can be averted by adherence to a strictly enforced dress code!
World tensions have, if anything, increased in the quarter century since H.
Worship at Bank of America.
Worth the trouble, wasn't it?
Would I turn on the gas if my pal Mugsy were in there?
Would it help if I got out and pushed?
Would it satisfy ya, would it slide on by ya, Would you think the boy was strange?
Would ship for Celtic gold.
Would that it were so in our programming languages.
Would that my hand were as swift as my tongue.
Would the last person to leave Michigan please turn out the lights?
Would this make them Marionettes?
Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?
Would you bring me a postcard?
Would you care to drift aimlessly in my direction?
Would you care to view the ruins of my good intentions?
Would you kindly direct me to hell?
Would you know where we've moved to?
Would you like a peanut?
Would you like to learn how to be a little phony again?
Would you like, for once, not to express a feeling?
Would you mind not bobbing your head.
Would you people stop playing these stupid games?
Wouldn't it be wonderful if real life supported control-Z?
Wouldn't this be a great world if being insecure and desperate were a turn-on?
Wouldn't you like to see some of them deleted from the system?
Wouldn't you say that's very odd?
Wow, I'd sure love to have that!
Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
Write a recursive macro?
Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
Write all adverbial forms correct.
Write today, for free help!
Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
Writers who use a computer swear to its liberating power in tones that bear witness to the apocalyptic power of a new divinity.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
Writing carefully, dangling participles must be avoided.
Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
Writing his memoirs of the Civil War.
Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead.
Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
Writing software is more fun than working.
X-rated movies are all alike.
XLI: The more one produces, the less one gets.
XLVII: Two-thirds of the Earth's surface is covered with water.
XXI: It's easy to get a loan unless you need it.
XXXI: The optimum committee has no members.
XXXIII: Fools rush in where incumbents fear to tread.
Xerox does it again and again and again and.
Xerox employees agree, and even feel strongly that they can not only meet but surpass the national average.
Xerox has instructed all personnel to be happy, effervescent, and most importantly, to smile.
Xerox never comes up with anything original.
Xerox your lunch and file it under sex offenders!
Xmas celebration completely, and instead sit in front of your linux computer playing with the all-new-and-improved linux kernel version.
Y is for yes, which makes an impression, and Z is for zcat, which handles compression.
Y'know how s'm people treat th'r body like a TEMPLE?
Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!
YOU HEAR HIM MAKE LOVE!
YOU PICKED KARL MALDEN'S NOSE!
YOU WILL NEED TO SUPPLY: a matrix wrench and 60,000 feet of tram cable.
YOU'LL FIND GOD RIGHT IN THERE!
Ya'll hear about the geometer who went to the beach to catch some rays and became a tangent ?
Yacc owes much to a most stimulating collection of users, who have goaded me beyond my inclination, and frequently beyond my ability in their endless search for one more feature.
Ye've also got to remember that.
Yea from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
Yea, from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past, That youth and observation copied there.
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic operators together.
Yeah, I know what you mean, his friend replies.
Yeah, I said, trying not to laugh.
Yeah, but what's your gut feeling?
Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context.
Yeah, replied the dean.
Yeah, replied the voice.
Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet.
Yeah, the farmer replies, that chicken was ours.
Yeah, there are more important things in life than money, but they won't go out with you if you don't have any.
Years later, I went back to the same hotel.
Years of study in musty classrooms were prerequisite to obtaining even a dim, incoherent knowledge of science.
Years wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
Yes me, I got a bottle in front of me.
Yes you know he is crooked.
Yes, Captain, a sort of vacant contentment.
Yes, I am a real piece of work.
Yes, I don't have one.
Yes, I want the brochure describing this incredible offer.
Yes, I'd like to see that, does it come out of your ears or what?
Yes, I've now got this nice little apartment in New York, one of those L-shaped ones.
Yes, and I feel bad about rendering their useless carci into dogfood.
Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
Yes, but not worth going to see.
Yes, but which self do you want to be?
Yes, but will I see the EASTER BUNNY in skintight leather at an IRON MAIDEN concert?
Yes, cold and therefore difficult to chew.
Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.
Yes, he is, the doctor replied, but we don't know how.
Yes, how true, said the big kangaroo.
Yes, let this be his last rusting place.
Yes, let's consider, said Bruno, putting his thumb into his mouth again, and sitting down upon a dead mouse.
Yes, make her whole and beautiful, united strong and free, Wake up, all you citizens, It's up to you and me.
Yes, make our country strong again, keep our flag unfurled.
Yes, many primitive people still believe this myth.
Yes, replied the master, the listings are stacked on the platform in the data center.
Yes, said his friend, I see that fool dog of yours can't swim.
Yes, sir, replied his victim, but, well, see, my friend back there, he don't have one!
Yes, sir, the clerk replied.
Yes, that about sums it up.
Yes, the good ship Enterprise There's excitement anywhere it flies Where Tribbles play And Nurse Chapel never gets her way.
Yes, the man admitted, his wife.
Yes, the philosophy of 'none,' meaning 'all.
Yes, those who separate people into two groups and those that don't.
Yes, up to isomorphism!
Yes, upon rare occasions, answered the handler.
Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars, and Pluto, but not necessarily in that order.
Yes, work never begun.
Yes, you too can take advantage of the amazing properties of Dot-Product.
Yes, you'll get Avogadro's number, Planck's, Euler's, Boltzmann's, and many, many, more!
Yes: That's how we dress when we're ruined, said she.
Yes; quaint and curious war is!
Yesterday I was a dog.
Yesterday upon the stair I met a man who wasn't there.
Yesterday, in Pitchburgh.
Yet all who know him consider him one of the best programmers in the world.
Yet another couple huddled together on the hide of a deer and they too were blessed with a very healthy baby son.
Yet another ether bunny.
Yet around his neck was a chain bearing the bronze octagon that marked him as an alumnus of Unseen University, the high school of magic whose time-and-space transcendent campus is never precisely Here or There.
Yet creeds mean very little, Coth answered the dark god, still speaking almost gently.
Yet does he wonder, do you suppose, If, even in gods divine, The best and wisest may not be those Who have wallowed awhile with the swine?
Yet every such device has another level of play, where the device seeks not to conquer the human, nor to be conquered by the human.
Yet in reviewing it you speak of it as the work of the Idiot of the Century.
Yet magic and hierarchy arise from the same source, and this source has a null pointer.
Yet the Tao has no type specifier.
Yet you can save the city.
Yet your state of the union penultimate large Is the last known haunt of the Fractional Charge, And as you surf in the hot tub with sourdough roll Please ponder the passing of your sole Monopole.
Yet, added he, none of you can tell where it pinches me.
Yet, in time, as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
Yip is so fast that he has set a record for being fast.
Yip, nicknamed fumblefingers and you asshole by his teammates, hopes to carry the ball with him at least one of those times.
Yogi Berra: If the guy was poor, I would give it back.
Yogi Berra: No, ma'am, its not even carbonated.
Yogi Berra: You mean now?
Yoko Ono I'm too scared and good-looking, I cried.
You Don't Have to Go to Texas for a Chainsaw Massacre!
You Earth people glorified organized violence for forty centuries.
You act out a head-related folk ritual employing vegetable extract.
You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
You ain't ruined, said she.
You almost get it as an anti-democratic process.
You always find something in the last place you look.
You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty spray paint cans in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.
You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but only for a limited period of time.
You and I know that a burden and a cross, Can only be carried on one man's back.
You are WRONG, you ol' brass-breasted fascist poop!
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
You are a fluke of the universe.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
You are a taxi driver.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
You are absolute plate-glass.
You are also free to write nonsense, or lies, or to tear the pages.
You are always doing something marginal when the boss drops by your desk.
You are an excellent tactician, Captain.
You are an insult to my intelligence!
You are as I am with You.
You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young as your self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as old as your despair.
You are avenged fourteen hundred and forty times a day.
You are aware of your parents' xenophobic response to anyone of a different religion.
You are being carried out.
You are capable of planning your future.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the department of transportation.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
You are in the hall of the mountain king.
You are looking through bottom of empty glass.
You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it true.
You are not dead yet.
You are not paid enough to worry.
You are not permitted to kill a woman who has wronged you, but nothing forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute.
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You are permanently confused.
You are reading a letter which will bring you luck and good fortune.
You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.
You are sick, twisted and perverted.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
You are standing on my toes.
You are stately as a palm-tree, and your breasts are the clusters of dates.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
You are the lucky winner of random I.
You are the master here, and they the slaves.
You are the one-millionth user to log into our system.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You are transported to a room where you are faced by a wizard who points to you and says, Them's fighting words!
You are what you eat.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
You aren't IBM compatible.
You aren't nearly through this adventure yet, he added, and that was pretty true as well.
You ask for the right to make his laws?
You ask too many questions.
You ask what a nice girl will do?
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You awaken to find your bed hard, cold and wet.
You boys lookin' for trouble?
You buttered your bread, now lie in it.
You call Suicide Prevention and they put you on hold.
You call your answering service and they've never heard of you.
You can always find what you're not looking for.
You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.
You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail.
You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier.
You can be replaced by this computer.
You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
You can bring any calculator you like to the midterm, as long as it doesn't dim the lights when you turn it on.
You can buy a computer that works like an IBM machine but contains nothing made or sold by IBM itself.
You can create your own opportunities this week.
You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
You can do this in a number of ways.
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.
You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.
You can drive as fast as you want in any direction you want.
You can eat dirt cheap there!
You can fool all the people all of the time if the advertising is right and the budget is big enough.
You can fool some of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, and that is sufficient.
You can get everything in life you want, if you will help enough other people get what they want.
You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.
You can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park, You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend, You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.
You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt, You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
You can have a dog as a friend.
You can have whiskey as a friend.
You can learn a wholesome lesson Dat was ugly, mean or bad.
You can learn many things from children.
You can leave in a taxi.
You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.
You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.
You can move the world with an idea, but you have to think of it first.
You can never be sure how many beers you had last night.
You can never do just one thing.
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.
You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
You can not get anything worthwhile done without raising a sweat.
You can not win the game, and you are not allowed to stop playing.
You can now buy more gates with less specifications than at any other time in history.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
You can only break even at absolute zero.
You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
You can recover the file by typing in the code over again, since I also removed the source.
You can save time by simply sending the money, if you're too busy.
You can spend an evening in front of it in only eight minutes.
You can stick it in a bottle; You can hold it in your hand.
You can take all the impact that science considerations have on funding decisions at NASA, put them in the navel of a flea, and have room left over for a caraway seed and Tony Calio's heart.
You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements.
You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air, and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place.
You can tune a filesystem, but you can't tuna fish.
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.
You can write a small letter to Grandma in the filename.
You can't argue with failure.
You can't be perfect of course; you may make mistakes also.
You can't break eggs without making an omelet.
You can't break even.
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
You can't cheat an honest man.
You can't cheat the phone company.
You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.
You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
You can't evaluate a man by logic alone.
You can't even quit the game.
You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
You can't expect a mother to be with a small child all the time, Margaret Mead once remarked, with her usual good sense, but in 1978 she shocked feminists by snapping that women don't really have children to put them in day care twelve hours a day, either.
You can't fall off the floor.
You can't get anything without working for it.
You can't get down off an elephant.
You can't get there from here.
You can't get very far in this world without your dossier being there first.
You can't have everything.
You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
You can't hug a child with nuclear arms.
You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.
You can't just say it's pictures of people naked.
You can't learn too soon that the most useful thing about a principle is that it can always be sacrificed to expediency.
You can't make a program without broken egos.
You can't make eight cats pull a sled through the snow.
You can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.
You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
You can't push on a string.
You can't really train a beagle, he dogmatized.
You can't run away forever, But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start.
You can't simply say, Today I will be brilliant.
You can't start worrying about what's going to happen.
You can't survive by sucking the juice from a wet mitten.
You can't take damsel here now.
You can't teach people to be lazy - either they have it, or they don't.
You can't teach seven foot.
You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.
You can't win them all, but you sure as hell can lose them all.
You can, for example, never foretell what any one man will do, but you can say with precision what an average number will be up to.
You canna change the laws of physics, Captain; I've got to have thirty minutes!
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You cannot buy beer; you can only rent it.
You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.
You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
You cannot have a science without measurement.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
You cannot see the bathroom light.
You cannot see the wood for the trees.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
You cannot tell the truth because everything you say is a lie.
You cannot use your friends and have them too.
You certainly have a dangerous job.
You climb to reach the summit, but once there, discover that all roads lead down.
You could always schedule the saw, though - ed.
You could drive that in a week, but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
You could feel the wind at your back, about you.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
You could strike sparks anywhere.
You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
You couldn't pry that out of a Boston man if you had the tire of all creation straightened out for a crowbar.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure in the context of non-cooperative elements.
You dial the wrong number, and talk for 15 minutes anyway.
You did wonderfully, he said, I was afraid you would waver under testimony.
You didn't have to run if you have a license!
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You do not have mail.
You do what you get paid to do.
You do, Grandfather Trout said.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
You don't get innovation as a democratic process.
You don't go out and kick a mad dog.
You don't have five-hundred dollars.
You don't have many suspects who are innocent of a crime.
You don't have to be nice to people on the way up if you're not planning on coming back down.
You don't have to explain something you never said.
You don't have to go.
You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.
You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.
You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but unknown to you we have something in common.
You don't like apricot brandy?
You don't move to Edina, you achieve Edina.
You don't sew with a fork, so I see no reason to eat with knitting needles.
You don't use turn signals because everybody knows where you're going.
You don't want a rose to sing.
You either believe in yourself or you don't.
You enjoy the company of other people.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
You feel like you are going to die and you're afraid that you won't.
You feel that, don't you?
You figure, If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I.
You fill a much-needed gap.
You find rest on the hot squat, Or gas can give you pax, But the closest corner chemist has peace in packaged stacks.
You first have to decide whether to use the short or the long form.
You first parents of the human race.
You get a bottle, a poster bed, and the brightest colored stocking cap you can find.
You get a phone number, an answering service you can call.
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
You get it from your kids.
You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
You get used to those things.
You get what you pay for.
You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me from your own life.
You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
You got to pay your dues if you want to sing the blues, And you know it don't come easy.
You gotta see the show!
You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.
You happen to be human.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a message from the operator.
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
You have a truly strong individuality.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
You have all the characteristics of a popular politician: a horrible voice, bad breeding, and a vulgar manner.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an unusual equipment for success.
You have an unusual magnetic personality.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive.
You have been provided with a razor blade, a piece of gauze, and a bottle of Scotch.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have fallen forward.
You have fallen over backward.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?
You have just become a father!
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You have no doubt force enough to overcome your obstacles.
You have no idea how much better I feel these days.
You have no real enemies.
You have no right to be here.
You have not been prepared!
You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
You have nothing to lose but your chairs.
You have nothing to lose but your lunch.
You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
You have only to mumble a few words in church to get married and few words in your sleep to get divorced.
You have purchased an extremely fine device that would give you thousands of years of trouble-free service, except that you undoubtably will destroy it via some typical bonehead consumer maneuver.
You have seen all of it that is worth staying for when the band and the gaudy officials have gone by.
You have spent the night in the gutter.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
You have the body of a 19 year old.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.
You have the liver, but what can you do with it without the recipe?
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You have to eat it nevertheless.
You have to get a bit jungle-wise.
You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are.
You haven't died 'til you've used it.
You haven't really been anywhere until you've got back home.
You hold meetings, then, like the AA?
You humans are all alike.
You humans have that emotional need to express gratitude.
You just can't hold people, you can't own them.
You just know when a relationship is about to end.
You just sit living and reliving other lives left behind in the thought records.
You just think they think.
You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is.
You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
You keep it cool when it's t-t-tight.
You keep it to yourself.
You keep score with money.
You knew the job was dangerous when you took it, Fred.
You know I'm cold as a hired sword.
You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
You know in your book The Martian Chronicles?
You know it's Monday when you wake up and it's Tuesday.
You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party and there aren't any.
You know it's going to be a long day when you get up, shave and shower, start to get dressed and your shoes are still warm.
You know my heart keeps tellin' me, You're not a kid at thirty-three, You play around you lose your wife, You play too long, you lose your life.
You know some time you're bound to leave her, but for now you're going to stay In the Year of the Cat.
You know that feeling when you're leaning back on a stool and it starts to tip over?
You know the great thing about TV?
You know the kind of flu I'm talking about.
You know what we can be like: See a guy and think he's cute one minute, the next minute our brains have us married with kids, the following minute we see him having an extramarital affair.
You know where you talk about Deimos rising in the East?
You know why there are so few sophisticated computer terrorists in the United States?
You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
You know you have a small apartment when Rice Krispies echo.
You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
You know you're getting old when you're Dad, and you're measuring your daughter for camp clothes, and there are certain measurements only her mother is allowed to take.
You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.
You know you've landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi.
You know your apartment is small.
You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is, and he says roff!
You know, I've missed seven or eight periods now and it's beginning to worry me.
You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits or white plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume party disguised as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
You know, it's at times like this when I'm trapped in a Vogon airlock with a man from Betelgeuse and about to die of asphyxiation in deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me when I was young!
You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are now extinct.
You know, the difference between this company and the Titanic is that the Titanic had paying customers.
You know, the farther we get into darkness, and there's a shifting of color of light into the blueness, and I think as you go farther and farther away from the reflected light we have from the sun or the light that's bouncing off this earth, uh, the darker it gets.
You know, the problem is these idiots who can't make up their minds.
You know, we've won awards for this crap.
You laugh now, but you'll be laughing harder later!
You left us in tatters, without shoes or socks, Tired of digging potatoes, and spudding up docks; And now you've gay bracelets and bright feathers three!
You let your second in command attack while you sit and watch for weakness.
You lie, you tell the truth.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
You live with me, and I with you, And you will be my POSSLQ.
You lived with a man who wore white belts?
You look like a million dollars.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You made a first-class fool out of me, But I'm as blind as a fool can be.
You may already be a loser.
You may already be a winner!
You may also find it is more fun to post the article once in each group.
You may apply for more disk space at any time.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely larger than others.
You may be recognized soon.
You may be right, I may be crazy, But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for!
You may be sure that when a man begins to call himself a realist, he is preparing to do something he is secretly ashamed of doing.
You may be worried that it might help to encourage your child's antisocial tendencies, but believe me, you have not seen antisocial tendencies until you've seen a child who is convinced that he or she did not get the right gift.
You may be wrong here, little one.
You may call me by my name, Wirth, or by my value, Worth.
You may fool the whole world down the pathway of life And get pats on the back as you pass, But your final reward will be heartaches and tears If you've cheated the man in the glass.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.
You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds.
You may have had it yourself.
You may have heard that a dean is to faculty as a hydrant is to a dog.
You may have to work for it, however.
You may my glories and my state dispose, But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
You may park anywhere if you turn your four-way flashers on.
You may resume your seat.
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you fit to hear his view of things?
You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for success.
You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
You might as well live!
You might as well not even try.
You might just as well give in and save your sanity for later.
You might wake your neighbors.
You might want to mug someone with it.
You must absorb its force and convert it to your users as best you can.
You must be an attorney!
You must defend your integrity, assuming you have integrity to defend.
You must dine in our cafeteria.
You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some BASICs.
You must have been very close to the deceased.
You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property and services if it is not specifically exempt.
You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty to his own concept of the obligations of manhood.
You must learn to run your kayak by a sort of ju-jitsu.
You must learn to tell what the river will do to you, and given those parameters see how you can live with it.
You must make it clear that you will not attend, but you do not have to let fly at cats.
You must mean two-by-four's replies the clerk.
You must realize that the computer has it in for you.
You must rely on your human intuition.
You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.
You must slice it thin, almost as thin as this page you hold in your hands.
You must understand the Tao before transcending structure.
You must understand, she has the dessert she wants.
You need more time; and you probably always will.
You need no longer worry about the future.
You need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion picture star.
You need tender loving care once a week - so that I can slap you into shape.
You need to say less.
You need to start as soon as the traffic light for the intersecting street turns yellow.
You never gain something but that you lose something.
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
You never get to do it enough to become good at it.
You never go anywhere without your soul.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
You never have to figure out what to get for children, because they will tell you exactly what they want.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
You never know who is right, but you always know who is in charge.
You never learn anything by doing it right.
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
You not only can, you must.
You now have Asian Flu.
You nurture the program and guide it down the right path, building, watching it grow ever stronger.
You obviously buttered the wrong side.
You ought to see a psychiatrist, he reminded me.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
You patch a bug, and dump it again: 100 blocks of crud on the disk!
You patch a bug, and dump it again: 101 blocks of crud on the disk!
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
You probably call them bombs.
You probably call them road signs, but then you don't work in a government agency.
You probably contain a germ.
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
You pull his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.
You put both contact lenses in the same eye.
You put the cap on the post at the foot of the bed, then get into bed and drink aquavit until you can't see the cap.
You put your bra on backwards and it fits better.
You read a scroll of postpone until Monday at 9 AM.
You read the 575MB disk.
You realize that you've memorized the back of the cereal box.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
You said you were blonde, but you lied!
You said you were gonna call and it's been two weeks.
You say that we go around the sun.
You say there are two types of people?
You say you are lying.
You scared the cat away!
You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.
You see but you do not observe.
You see how useful it is to know a second language?
You see things; and you say Why?
You see, I am one of those people who lives prophylactically and sensibly and sanely, hour after hour, day after day.
You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.
You see, during a portion of Beethovan's Ninth Symphony in which there are no bass violin parts, one of the bassists always passed a bottle of scotch around.
You see, it's just a little universal recursive joke which threads our lives through the infinite potential of the instant.
You see, there's me, and there's Ma, and there's our son Billy.
You see, they have a problem with the picture tubes on color television sets, and many are exploding.
You see, you're just like me.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
You shoot a fellow down You'd treat, if met where any bar is Or help to half-a-crown.
You should all JUMP UP AND DOWN for TWO HOURS while I decide on a NEW CAREER!
You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.
You should either bury it or else throw it into the brook.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that, contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from houses.
You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.
You should test your car's horn at least once every hour, and more often at night or in residential neighborhoods.
You shouldn't have to pay for your love with your bones and your flesh.
You shouldn't make my toaster angry.
You shouldn't wallow in self-pity.
You show me an American who can keep his mouth shut and I'll eat him.
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
You snake, she rattled.
You speak of courage.
You speak to each dog you pass, by name.
You spin it around, and then eventually it falls down.
You stand convicted of sickness, hunger, wretchedness, and want.
You start by filling up the bathtub with water.
You stole my soul, and that's a pain I can do without.
You take a program, born weak and impotent as a dimly-realized solution.
You take credit cards, right?
You talk to me of Christianity when you are in the act of hanging your enemies.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You throw the 575MB disk at the Sun.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
You took me away from home, Just to save you from being alone; You stole my heart, and that's what really hurts.
You travel halfway across the galaxy and it's still the same song.
You tread upon my patience.
You tried it just for once, found it alright for kicks, but now you find out you have a habit that sticks, you're an orgasm addict, you're always at it, and you're an orgasm addict.
You tweachewous miscweant!
You understood so much today.
You use them when you've got nothing else to try.
You used to call home-life a hag-ridden dream, And you'd sigh, and you'd sock; but at present you seem To know not of megrims or melancho-ly!
You wake up and your braces are locked together.
You wake up face down on the pavement.
You wake up to the soothing sound of flowing water.
You wanna help on the audit now?
You want I should type?
You want it bad, you'll get it bad.
You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level 4.
You want to know why I kept getting promoted?
You want us to pay income taxes, too?
You want your guests to be so anxious to avoid a recurrence of your party that they immediately start planning parties of their own, a year in advance, just to prevent you from having another one.
You were afraid of her.
You were s'posed to laugh!
You who hate the Jews so, why did you adopt their religion?
You will always find something in the last place you look.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.
You will be a winner today.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You will be approximated.
You will be assimilated.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be awarded some great honor.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will be dead within a year.
You will be divorced within a year.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
You will be married within a year.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You will be run over by a beer truck.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be subpoenaed.
You will be successful in love.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will contract a rare disease.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will find a question of mine.
You will find me drinking gin In the lowest kind of inn, Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
You will find yourself surprised how far off course you were to hit that window jamb, that door, that chair.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You will get what you deserve.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
You will have a head crash on your private pack.
You will have a long and boring life.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will have long and healthy life.
You will have many recoverable tape errors.
You will have two advantages: first, there be only your story; forget Mother Teresa.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
You will lose an important disk file.
You will lose an important tape file.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise salesman.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
You will never amount to much.
You will never find a more wretched hive of bugs and flamers.
You will never know hunger.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
You will not succeed, they told him.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will pay for your sins.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day.
You will soon be in love, sez Saure, see, this line here.
You will soon forget this.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You will spill soup in late evening.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your brakes are defective.
You will strengthen yourself in this way.
You will therefore permit me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
You will think of something funnier than this to add to the fortunes.
You will triumph over your enemy.
You will understand this when I tell you that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial atomic globule.
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You will wish you hadn't.
You won't be under obligation for a peanut.
You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.
You won't find many people like her.
You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
You worry too much about your job.
You would do well not to imagine profundity, he said.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You wouldn't believe what I go through to avoid waking my wife, he said.
You wouldn't have seen it if you hadn't believed it.
You wouldn't see cats having waste disposal problems.
You wouldn't understand.
You write a check on the wrong bank and it covers you anyway.
You wuz suprised that they could understand you words and never respond once to all the truth they heard.
You', who is the one that wants to see it?
You'd best be getting home, he said, The nights are rather damp.
You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't be gettin' no work done at 5 a.
You'd better beat it.
You'd better go catch it!
You'd better sit down.
You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
You'd lose your head if it weren't attached.
You'll always be, What you always were, Which has nothing to do with, All to do, with her.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll be evicted soon anyway.
You'll be the death of me.
You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.
You'll envy the dead.
You'll feel devilish tonight.
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You'll learn a lot today.
You'll like that a lot.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.
You'll pay to know what you really think.
You'll probably be the only one to make the correction, so post as soon as you can.
You'll share my pad, my taxes, joint; You'll share my life - up to a point!
You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.
You'll understand when you're older.
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.
You'll wish we were kidding.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
You're a creature of the night, Michael.
You're a good example of why some animals eat their young.
You're acting too big for your britches.
You're all clear now, kid.
You're all lying against my boys!
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
You're already carrying the sphere!
You're always thinking you're gonna be the one that makes 'em act different.
You're at Witt's End.
You're at the end of the road again.
You're being followed.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called Life.
You're definitely on their list.
You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that you're growing into.
You're in charge of the last of the truffula seeds.
You're in oncoming traffic.
You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little.
You're looking great!
You're never too old to become younger.
You're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
You're not getting away with this, Miller, one said.
You're not going to find ME knocking a guy because he pads an expense account and his home stationery carries the company emblem.
You're not going to wear THAT tie with that suit, are you?
You're on Candid Camera.
You're on the right track.
You're so analytical.
You're so dumb you don't even have wisdom teeth.
You're stuck here and there's no way out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
You're thinking too much.
You're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy.
You're too beautiful to ignore.
You're using a keyboard!
You're welcome, I believe, is the correct response.
You're working under a slight handicap.
You've Never Seen Anything Like It!
You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
You've been Berkeley'ed!
You've been leading a dog's life.
You've been telling me to relax all the way here, and now you're telling me just to be myself?
You've got another program due, tomorrow, by the way.
You've got to admire a man like that.
You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks.
You've got to let it grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years old.
You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject.
You've got to think about tomorrow!
You've gotta be thinking about something besides baseball.
You've screwed up everything else.
You've solved the wrong problem.
You, his appointed Enemy for all Time!
Young men and young women may work systematically six days in the week and rise fresh in the morning, but let them attend modern dances for only a few hours each evening and see what happens.
Young men are fitter to invent than to judge; fitter for execution than for counsel; and fitter for new projects than for settled business.
Young men think old men are fools; but old men know young men are fools.
Young men want to be faithful and are not; old men want to be faithless and cannot.
Young men, hear an old man to whom old men hearkened when he was young.
Your 11-year-old son: What the heck is this?
Your 8-year-old daughter: You think that's bad?
Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Your Honor, my client is accused of stuffing his lover's mutilated body into a suitcase and heading for the Mexican border.
Your Olympics were fun, you should bring them all back For transsexual tennis or Anamalon Track, But Hollywood movies remain sinfully crude Whether seen on the telly or Remotely Viewed.
Your aim is high and to the right.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Your attitude determines your attitude.
Your beard is an armpit, she said in disgust.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't really worth having.
Your birthday cake collapses from the weight of the candles.
Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Your boss tells you not to bother to take off your coat.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your cab is yellow and black, and has been in use for only seven years.
Your cancelled check is your receipt.
Your car's horn is a vital piece of safety equipment.
Your client, Todd Lieman, skipped and his bail is forfeit.
Your code should be more efficient!
Your computer account is overdrawn.
Your conscience never stops you from doing anything.
Your current chick is burned up too!
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Your doctor tells you you're allergic to chocolate.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
Your education begins where what is called your education is over.
Your embroidery is sloppy, she needled cruelly.
Your father is fishing in Georgia.
Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
Your friends do not need it and your enemies will never believe you anyway.
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
Your good nature will bring unbounded happiness.
Your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness.
Your goose is cooked.
Your guess is as good as mine.
Your hands were like paws then, your face blue and bleak But now I'm bewitched by your delicate cheek, And your little gloves fit like as on any la-dy!
Your hangover just makes it seem terrible.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Your head won't touch the pillow of a Sheraton unless their computer says it's okay.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Your heroes for ghosts?
Your house is on fire, Your children will burn!
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your income tax check bounces.
Your income tax refund cheque bounces.
Your intricate fonts, And your output's clean as light.
Your jet takes off without a hitch, pushing above the clouds, and at 20,000 feet it explodes without warning.
Your job is being a professor and researcher: That's one hell of a good excuse for some of the brain-damages of minix.
Your kind are not welcome here.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love life will be.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Your lucky color has faded.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Your machine just moves the dust around the room, Booth informed him.
Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not original and the part that is original is not good.
Your mimeograph machine upsets my stomach!
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.
Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.
Your mother approves of the person you're dating.
Your mother thinks you are.
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberrys!
Your mother's husband died 22 years ago.
Your mother, by the pigeonhole principle.
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.
Your name wouldn't be Dick, would it?
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself.
Your own mileage may vary.
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Your parents will not be pleased with this plan, because they want you all to themselves and because in the presence of your friend, they will have to act like mature human beings.
Your password is pitifully obvious.
Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me into a pleasurific mood state.
Your pet rock snaps at you.
Your picture of the world often changes just before you get it into focus.
Your pictures and signs.
Your point is thirteen.
Your postings are much more worthwhile than other people's, so it would be a waste to reply by mail.
Your present plans will be successful.
Your program is sick!
Your program will then run correctly, replied the master.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine.
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto his head!
Your step will soil many countries.
Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your talking quite fits 'ee for compa-ny!
Your tape drive will skip.
Your telephone is connected to a local computer, which is in turn connected to a regional computer, which is in turn connected to a loudspeaker the size of a garbage truck on the lawn of Edna A.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Your twin sister forgot your birthday.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
Your wife wakes up feeling amorous and you have a headache.
Your wig steers the gig.
Your wise men don't know how it feels To be thick as a brick.
Your worship is your furnaces which, like old idols, lost obscenes, have molten bowels; your vision is machines for making more machines.
Youre two numbers, a dash, three more numbers, another dash and another number.
Yours is not to reason why, Just to Sail Away.
Youth doesn't excuse everything.
Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.
Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
Youth is not a time of life, it is a state of mind; it is a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions, a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over love of ease.
Youth is such a wonderful thing.
Youth is the trustee of posterity.
Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.
Zebras are colored with dark stripes on a light background.
Zeus gave Leda the bird.
