Some people may think you a straight-shootin' chum And call you a wonderful guy, But the man in the glass says you're only a bum If you can't look him straight in the eye.
Some people need a good imaginary cure for their painful imaginary ailment.
Some people never look at me.
Some people only open up to tell you that they're closed.
Some people pray for more than they are willing to work for.
Some people say a front-engine car handles best.
Some people say a rear-engine car handles best.
Some people who can't, will try, regardless.
Some people who can, shouldn't.
Some people who should, won't.
Some people who shouldn't, but try, will then blame others.
Some people who shouldn't, will.
Some people's mouths work faster than their brains.
Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even worse.
Some polish is gained with one's ruin, said she.
Some primal termite knocked on wood.
Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress.
Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
Some say the world will end in fire, Some say in ice.
Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books.
Some think it is the voice of God.
Somebody is about to fall in love, Oedipa said, you go sit with them, or something?
Somebody just posted that Roman Polanski directed Star Wars.
Somebody keep the fire burning, someone come and beat the drum.
Somebody ought to cross ball point pens with coat hangers so that the pens will multiply instead of disappear.
Somebody's terminal is dropping bits.
Someday I have to tell you about Uncle Nahum from Maine, who spent years trying to cross a jellyfish with a shad so he could breed boneless shad.
Someday somebody has got to decide whether the typewriter is the machine, or the person who operates it.
Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car.
Someday you'll thank me for this.
Someday your prints will come.
Someday, Weederman, we'll look back on all this and laugh.
Somehow I reached excess without ever noticing when I was passing through satisfaction.
Somehow my lips got stuck fast.
Somehow, the world always affects you more than you affect it.
Someone always waiting for someone who never comes home.
Someone calls him a soul concealed in an animal, I suggested.
Someone did a study of the three most-often-heard phrases in New York City.
Someone dropped me on my head?
Someone has stolen my joules!
Someone in the group has to be the manager.
Someone is speaking well of you.
Someone is unenthusiastic about your work.
Someone might steal it.
Someone pointed out that it's the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.
Someone who buys stocks on the advice of a broker.
Someone who comes from out of town and shows slides.
Someone who knowns 101 ways to make love, but can't get a date.
Someone who listens to the equipment instead of the music.
Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
Someone will try to honk your nose today.
Someone's at the door, she chimed.
Someone's been mean to you!
Someone's bound to hear us by then!
Someone's found a security problem in the physics program.
Something acted upon by magnetism.
Something acting upon a magnet.
Something happens between first and twelfth grade, and it's not just puberty.
Something less restrictive in scope than alt.
Something mysterious is formed, born in the silent void.
Something that is occasionally up but normally down.
Something that makes you feel like you're getting somewhere.
Something to thwow at a wabbit.
Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
Something you can be ashamed of.
Something you do not believe.
Something you don't get until just after you need it.
Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
Sometime later, she comes to on the pool table, a jacket under her head.
Sometime when you least expect it, Love will tap you on the shoulder.
Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away, Looking at me, I got nothin' to say.
Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the world.
Sometimes I live in the country, And sometimes I live in town.
Sometimes I simply feel that the whole world is a cigarette and I'm the only ashtray.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind.
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar.
Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
Sometimes a man who deserves to be looked down upon because he is a fool is despised only because he is a lawyer.
Sometimes a man will tell his bartender things he'll never tell his doctor.
Sometimes even I have trouble doing it.
Sometimes even to live is an act of courage.
Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI.
Sometimes love ain't nothing but a misunderstanding between two fools.
Sometimes people are just begging for that frypan, and if we weaken for a moment and honor their request, we should regard it as impulsive philanthropy, which we aren't in any position to afford, but shouldn't regret it too loudly lest we spoil the purity of the deed.
Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.
Sometimes the light's all shining on me, Other times I can barely see.
Sometimes the pop-tops break off when you try to open them, so you have to have your own can opener around for those occasions, in which case you either need a complete set of instructions, or a friend who has been drinking Unix Beer for several years.
Sometimes they don't even get a chance to start!
Sometimes when I get up in the morning, I feel very peculiar.
Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone else is driving.
Sometimes you get an almost irresistible urge to go on living.
Sometimes you just have to let art flow over you.
Sometimes you paint with tiny strokes, a keystroke added here, a keystroke changed there.
Sometimes you're in a sleeping bag, camping out.
Sometimes, for apparently no reason, a can of Windows Beer will explode when you open it.
Sometimes, too long is too long.
Sometimes, when I think of what that girl means to me, it's all I can do to keep from telling her.
Somewhat nervously, the blonde replied yes, she did really want to know.
Somewhere between chaos and insanity.
Somewhere in Tenafly, New Jersey, a chiropractor is viewing Leave it to Beaver!
Somewhere in suburban Honolulu, an unemployed bellhop is whipping up a batch of illegal psilocybin chop suey!
Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a woman giving birth to a child.
Somewhere, he grumphed, there must be a naive, opportunistic young welp with a masochistic streak who would like to run the most up-and-down bureaucracy in the history of mankind.
Somewhere, just out of sight, the unicorns are gathering.
Somewhere, said Father Vittorini, did Blake not speak of the Machineries of Joy?
Somewhere, somebody's tired of her.
Somewhere, something incredible is waiting to be known.
Son knows everything.
Son, after all these years, why have you waited so long to say something?
Son, someday a man is going to walk up to you with a deck of cards on which the seal is not yet broken.
Soon after arriving, he became captivated by a beautiful coed and eased into a conversation with her by asking if she met many dates at parties.
Soon gave me to know I had nothing to dread.
Soon he came up with, It's computerized, Senator.
Soon he could hear rustling noises in the forest.
Soon it'll be down to a penny a day!
Soon or late the laws governing the production of life itself will be discovered in the laboratory, and man may set up business as a creator on his own account.
Soon to be discontinued, although a lot of people are going to keep drinking it after it's no longer available.
Soon, they find themselves lost in a canyon somewhere.
Sooner or later the first system is finished, and the architect, with firm confidence and a demonstrated mastery of that class of systems, is ready to build a second system.
Sooner or later you must pay for your sins.
Sophomore Dave Strewzinski.
Sorely shorn, Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed, Silently scheming, Sightlessly seeking Some savage, spectacular suicide.
Sorry for the confusion.
Sorry never means having your say to love.
Sorry to single you ladies out like this but the story must start somewhere.
Sorry, Jim, bring it on over.
Sorry, but I can't do that, replied the stonecutter.
Sorry, but that's too useful.
Sorry, computer foul-up!
Sorry, he said with a smile.
Sorry, that's wrong, the game show host said.
Sounds like we took too much!
Soundtrack on XTC Records.
Soviets have the capability to try big projects.
Space is blue and birds fly through it.
Space is indifferent to what we do; it has no feeling, no design, no interest in whether or not we grapple with it.
Space is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen to you.
Space is to place as eternity is to time.
Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
Space travel is merely a dream.
Space: the final frontier.
Spanish for not enough food.
Spare no expense to save money on this one.
Speak slowly and be sure to enunciate your words properly.
Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
Speak to the person next to you in the unemployment line tomorrow.
Speak, thou vast and venerable head, muttered Ahab, which, though ungarnished with a beard, yet here and there lookest hoary with mosses; speak, mighty head, and tell us the secret thing that is in thee.
Speaker, people ask me, why should October be designated as Cuticle Inspection Month?
Speaking of Godzilla and other things that convey horror: With a purposeful grimace and a Mongo-like flair He throws the spinning disk drives in the air!
Speaking of love, one problem that recurs more and more frequently these days, in books and plays and movies, is the inability of people to communicate with the people they love; Husbands and wives who can't communicate, children who can't communicate with their parents, and so on.
Speaking of purchasing a dog, never buy a watchdog that's on sale.
Speaking of weddings, when reminiscing about weddings, women talk about the ceremony.
Speaking to business executives in Chicago and quoted in Automotive News, Connellan attributed a measure of America's falling productivity to an excess of attorneys and accountants, and a dearth of production experts.
Special Effects by Timothy Leary.
Special internal and external advance preperations are required; with them, an LSD experiment can become a meaningful experience.
Specifically, members may be placed in the public, private, or protected parts of a class.
Speed is subsittute fo accurancy.
Speed upon county roads will be limited to ten miles an hour unless the motorist sees a bailiff who does not appear to have had a drink in 30 days, when the driver will be permitted to make what he can.
Spelling is a lossed art.
Spike the office water cooler.
Spinach makes me feel alone.
Spiritual leadership should remain spiritual leadership and the temporal power should not become too important in any church.
Spock is at his side.
Spock succumbs to a powerful mating urge and nearly kills Captain Kirk.
Spock, did you see the looks on their faces?
Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
Spreading peanut butter reminds me of opera!
Spring is here, spring is here, Life is skittles and life is beer.
Squeeze the teddy bear too tight, And watch the feathers burst the seams.
Stability itself is nothing else than a more sluggish motion.
Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.
Stallman: What did he say?
Stamp out organized crime!
Stan and I thought that this experiment was so stupid, we decided to finance it ourselves.
Stand tall and labor side by side, because there's so much to be done.
Standards are crucial.
Standards are different for all things, so the standard set by man is by no means the only 'certain' standard.
Standing on head makes smile of frown, but rest of face also upside down.
Stanford women are responsible for the success of many Stanford men: they give them just one more reason to stay in and study every night.
Star Wars is adolescent nonsense; Close Encounters is obscurantist drivel; Star Trek can turn your brains to puree of bat guano; and the greatest science fiction series of all time is Doctor Who!
Starcap'n Ra, you pegged him.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
Start the day with a smile.
Start with negotiation and implication.
State legislature in session, is informing, stimulating and ennobling.
Statements in SARTRE have no purpose; they just are.
Statically binding, you see only the hierarchy.
Statistics are no substitute for judgement.
Statistics means never having to say you're certain.
Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
Status is when the President calls you for your opinion.
Stay awake and wonder if there's a dog.
Stay away from flying saucers today.
Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
Stay off the furniture.
Stay on the Happy side of life!
Stay together, drag each other down.
Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time.
Steal something heavy.
Stealing a rhinoceros should not be attempted lightly.
Steer clear of incorrect forms of verbs that have snuck in the language.
Stellar rays prove fibbing never pays.
Step back, unbelievers!
Step number 3 is of particular importance.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Verdict on Creationism, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol XII No.
Steve Jobs said two years ago that X is brain-damaged and it will be gone in two years.
Stiggs sneered at the weaseling hotel goon when he appeared at our door holding a single flower floating in a brandy glass.
Stiggs was on the phone immediately, ordering more rose blossoms, because, according to him, the ones floating in the tub had suddenly lost their smell.
Stiggs's tirade was great.
Still a few bugs in the system.
Still another ether bunny.
Still behold me at your side.
Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth.
Still strove with his last allocation To scrap the unscrappable kludge!
Still there is something true and profoundly sane about the belief that acts like murder or theft or assault violate the doer as well as the done to.
Still you have my heart to wear.
Still, the IBM world is united by its distrust of icons and imagery.
Still, the fact remains that there are certain objects, and people, that are, for one reason or another, completely immune to any direct magical spell.
Stinginess with privileges is kindness in disguise.
Stir in grain alcohol instead of usual cold water.
Stop bothering me with all your compute this.
Stop me, before I kill again!
Stop searching forever.
Stop the car, the girl said.
Stop up the access and passage to remorse That no compunctious visiting of nature Shake my fell purpose, not keep peace between The effect and it!
Stormtroopers, who can't hit the broad side of a planet?
Strange memories on this nervous night in Las Vegas.
Strawberry shortcake is evil.
Street lights timed for 35 mph are also timed for 70 mph.
Stress has been pinpointed as a major cause of illness.
Strive for proportionality.
Strive to stay employed.
Struggle to become a parrot or something.
Stuckness shouldn't be avoided.
Stupidity is its own reward.
Stupidity, like virtue, is its own reward.
Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.
Style varies with status.
Suaviter in modo, fortiter in re.
Substantial penalty for early withdrawal.
Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way before it is understood.
Suburbia is where the developer bulldozes out the trees, then names the streets after them.
Success covers a multitude of blunders.
Success is a journey, not a destination.
Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
Success is in the minds of Fools.
Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
Success is something I will dress for when I get there, and not until.
Success will never spoil him.
Successful and fortunate crime is called virtue.
Succumb to natural tendencies.
Such a fine first dream!
Such a foolish notion, that war is called devotion, when the greatest warriors are the ones who stand for peace.
Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this That in immensity There is one lonelier than you.
Such a man would expect Sears to assemble a lawnmower.
Such a man would expect a pear of a peach tree.
Such a man would expect a stone to lay an egg.
Such a use accords entirely with the essence and working character of LSD as a sacred drug.
Such ambiguity is not apparent to children or fanatics, but every recognized Bible scholar is perfectly aware of it.
Such an excess of stupidity, sir, is not in Nature.
Such carryings-on in our peaceable jungle!
Such childish proofs are typically theological, and they remain theological even when they are adduced by men who like to flatter themselves by believing that they are scientific gents.
Such detailed documentation has to be maintained almost as much as the code, thus doubling the maintenance burden.
Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political, petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
Such veering right or left frequently results from friction between the face of the club and the cover of the ball and the player should not be penalized for the erratic behavior of the ball resulting from such uncontrollable physical phenomena.
Sucking is not possible, was the inventor's reply and he stormed out.
Suddenly Sigmund hears the flutter of wings, and a group of wild swans flies across the moon.
Suddenly a bird of prey swooped down and snatched the piece of meat from his hand.
Suddenly a carp jumped, grabbed the wallet and tossed it to another carp.
Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar without his duck.
Suddenly, he reached into the folds of his robes, drew out a cigar and ceremoniously handed it to the defendant.
Suddenly, the saloon doors burst open.
Suddenly, there was a loud crash, and a bolt of lightning came down from the sky, struck the computers, and welded all the connections permanently together.
Suffer it not to become a source of dissension and discord, of hate and enmity.
Suffering alone exists, none who suffer; The deed there is, but no doer thereof; Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it; The Path there is, but none who travel it.
Suffocating together.
Suggest you just sit there and wait till life gets easier.
Suicide is simply a case of mistaken identity.
Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
Suicide only works when you're bluffing.
Sulu, go to pass two.
Summer shivers quietly On its way towards its end.
Summer smiles, astonished, feeble, In this dying dream of a garden.
Summit meetings tend to be like panda matings.
Summoning the last of his strength he staggers up to the door and confronts the head waiter.
Sun brand: Long the most popular stout on the Unix market, it was discontinued in favor of a lager.
Sun in the night, everyone is together, Ascending into the heavens, life is forever.
Superior ability breeds superior ambition.
Superiority is recessive.
Supernatural is a null word.
Superstition, idolatry, and hypocrisy have ample wages, but truth goes a-begging.
Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics?
Supplies are limited, so act now.
Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.
Support Mental Health.
Support the Girl Scouts!
Support your local church or synagogue.
Support your right to arm bears!
Support your right to bare arms!
Suppose for a moment that the automobile industry had developed at the same rate as computers and over the same period: how much cheaper and more efficient would the current models be?
Supposing that your software discovers that the gateway is now giving out a different network number than before, what's it supposed to do about it?
Supreme Court Chief Justice Warren Burger in a landmark 1979 tax decision: Where else are you going to read the paper?
Sure do, replied the bartender.
Sure he's sharp as a razor.
Sure is, son, the farmer replied.
Sure sends a mean packet.
Sure they eat fish if that's all you give them!
Sure, I turned down a drink once.
Sure, if your throat 'tis hard to slit, Slit your girl's, and swing for it.
Sure, replied the man.
Surely an accounting package is trivial next to the complexity of an operating system, he said.
Surely it is more logical to heal than to kill.
Surely not for you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
Surely you can't be serious.
Surly to bed, surly to rise, makes you about average.
Surrealist jokes just aren't my cup of fur.
Survives system reboot.
Survivors will be SHOT AGAIN!
Survivors will be prosecuted.
Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
Suzie were doing it on a semi-regular basis.
Swallow your beer cans.
Sweating like a pig and gasping for breath is not refreshing.
Sweet April showers do spring May flowers.
Sweet was her singing then, and her heart was beating!
Swift was silly to laugh about Laputa.
Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks, How many losses at Project MAC?
Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon.
SysV lager: Clear and thirst-quenching, but lacking the body of stout or the sweetness of ale.
System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.
System restarting, wait.
Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.
Systems resemble the organizations that create them.
TARTAR SAUCE like an 8 by 10 GLOSSY.
THAT'S WHEN THEY THINK I'LL BE TAKING MY MASK OFF.
THE MYTH OF URK In the beginning there was data.
THE user interference management system.
THEY can't seem to keep up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers.
TIRED of calculating components of vectors?
TOO BAD YOU CAN'T BUY a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin real fast and freak everybody out.
TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
Tact in audacity is knowing how far you can go without going too far.
Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Tai Chi Chuan probably doesn't count.
Tail lights are used in some foreign countries to signal turns.
Take Care of the Molehills, and the Mountains Will Take Care of Themselves.
Take a lesson from the whale; the only time he gets speared is when he raises to spout.
Take a look around you, tell me what you see, A girl who thinks she's ordinary lookin' she has got the key.
Take a nap every afternoon.
Take along a candle, which you insert and light after you've opened the bottle.
Take an astronaut to launch.
Take an elephant to lunch.
Take away crime from the white collar worker and you will rob him of his last vestige of job interest.
Take away his credit cards.
Take care of the luxuries and the necessities will take care of themselves.
Take everything in stride.
Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting enough cheese.
Take it easy, we're in a hurry.
Take me drunk, I'm home again!
Take my advice, take the next flight, And grow some funk, grow your funk at home.
Take my word for it, the silliest woman can manage a clever man, but it needs a very clever woman to manage a fool.
Take not a single bit!
Take that, you hostile sons-of-bitches!
Take the bull by the hand and avoid mixing metaphors.
Take the case of any pencil, sharpened by any woman; if you have witnesses, you will find she did it with a knife; but if you take simply the aspect of the pencil, you will say that she did it with her teeth.
Take the folks at Coca-Cola.
Take time to reflect on all the things you have, not as a result of your merit or hard work or because God or chance or the efforts of other people have given them to you.
Take what you can use and let the rest go by.
Take with a grain of salt the anomalous data points.
Take your Senator to lunch this week.
Take your dying with some seriousness, however.
Take your next vacation in a brand new Frigedaire, Learn to play the piano in your winter underwear, Doctors say that babies should smoke until they're three, And people over sixty-five should bathe in Lipton tea.
Take your work seriously but never take yourself seriously; and do not take what happens either to yourself or your work seriously.
Talent does what it can, genius what it must.
Talent does what it can.
Talent goes where the action is.
Talk about willing people.
Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.
Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
Talkers are no good doers.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
Talking's something you can't do judiciously, unless you keep in practice.
Tallulah Bankhead barged down the Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred, Tan me hide when I'm dead.
Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
Tastes like jet fuel!
Tautology harnessed in the service of Man at the speed of light.
Tax reform means Don't tax you, don't tax me, tax that fellow behind the tree.
Taxes are going up so fast, the government is likely to price itself out of the market.
Taxes are not levied for the benefit of the taxed.
TeX is potentially the most significant invention in typesetting in this century.
Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
Teach children to be polite and courteous in the home, and, when they grow up, they won't be able to edge a car onto a freeway.
Teach me to fish and I will eat forever.
Tear the mask of peace from God, And hear the roar of souls in hell.
Tear their clothes to rags.
Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
Technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not understand.
Tehee quod she, and clapte the wyndow to.
Teleporting to hell via a teleportation trap will no longer occur if the character does not have fire resistance.
Teletypes smashed to bits.
Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other.
Television is a medium because anything well done is rare.
Television is now so desperately hungry for material that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
Tell 'em a hookah smoking caterpillar Don't do anything at all.
Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you.
Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch to be sure.
Tell me how much you get done.
Tell me what to think!
Tell me who it is, so I can punch him tastefully.
Tell me why the stars do shine, Tell me why the ivy twines, Tell me why the sky's so blue, And I will tell you just why I love you.
Tell me, O Octopus, I begs, Is those things arms, or is they legs?
Tell me, replied his friend, why you say such a thing.
Tell me, you dumb beast, demanded the Priest in his commanding voice, why don't you do something worthwhile?
Tell my teacher I've done my best, Then pile my books upon my chest.
Tell the truth and run.
Tell them WHAT to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
Tell them you have already invited this person to meet them.
Tell us to go out and buy.
Tell us, said a friend, how do you feel?
Tell, me who is buried here?
Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally promoting a falsehood, isn't it?
Telling your boss what he can do with your job.
Tempt me with a spoon!
Tempt not a desperate man.
Ten of the meanest cons in the state pen met in the corner of the yard to shoot some craps.
Ten percent of our VAXs are going for UNIX use.
Ten persons who speak make more noise than ten thousand who are silent.
Ten to one they'll start another war.
Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing.
Terence, this is stupid stuff: You eat your victuals fast enough; There can't be much amiss, 'tis clear, To see the rate you drink your beer.
Term, holidays, term, holidays, till we leave school, and then work, work, work till we die.
Terrified, they listened as the sirens got louder.
Terry Gripton, of Stafford, failed to break the world shouting record by two and a half decibels.
Test-tube babies shouldn't throw stones.
Testing can show the presense of bugs, but not their absence.
Texas law forbids anyone to have a pair of pliers in his possession.
Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even one which cannot be justified on any other grounds.
Texture is important.
Thank God I'm not respectable.
Thank God a million billion times you live in Texas.
Thank God we were able to buy enough needles and thread and patch it together without major problems.
Thank goodness for that, he said.
Thank goodness modern convenience is a thing of the remote future.
Thank heaven for science!
Thank heaven for startups; without them we'd never have any advances.
Thank you and good luck.
Thank you for observing all safety precautions.
Thank you, Amie, said the teacher.
Thank you, Famous Programmers' school; only you could have made this possible.
Thanks to him, the soy-potatoes learn that being a 'tater is where it's at.
Thanks to modern developments in electrocommunications like notes, vnews, and electricity, we have an incredible level of interunderstanding the likes of which civilization has never known.
Thanks to the miracle of modern orange juice, I was brought back to life several days later, but in the interim I was definitely dead.
Thanks, I really owe you one!
Thanks, Mike, I'll give it a try, replied the New Yorker.
That I may give for every day For idle hands to do.
That action may be extreme but a similar sentiment was expressed by Thomas K.
That all men should be brothers is the dream of people who have no brothers.
That all present life descended from earlier forms, over vast stretches of geologic time, is as firmly established as Copernican cosmology.
That alone should encourage the crew.
That behavior was 100 percent repeatable: he could always log in when sitting and never when standing.
That brief interlude between nothingness and eternity.
That company is large because it is so large.
That definition's just.
That depends a good deal on where you want to get to, said the Cat.
That does not compute.
That eye is like this eye Said the first eye, But in low place, Not in high place.
That feeling just came over me.
That gives you a ranking of junior beginning adventurer.
That government is best which governs least.
That head upon which the upper sun now gleams has moved amid the world's foundations.
That in his arms lay glistening.
That is a IBM compatible as I can be.
That is all good and well, but which is easier to debug?
That is all you ever do.
That is exactly what heroes are for.
That is the only kind I know.
That is the point that must be reached.
That is the reason one should never marry.
That is the reason that He makes so many of them.
That is the true season of love, when we believe that we alone can love, that no one could have loved so before us, and that no one will love in the same way as us.
That is to say, a hacker out of his cloister.
That is what I have always hoped, said old Yacob.
That is why I am happy where I am.
That is why it lasts forever.
That is you and me, and brother, I'm getting tired of doing everything myself!
That is, did not God promote environments, then intimidate these Natures by provoking the existence of flesh, toy men and women, such as are we all?
That is, they were fired.
That is, they work by being declared to work.
That looks on tempests and is never shaken; It is the star to every wandering bark, Whose worth's unknown, although his height be taken.
That means I was unconscious.
That means you have to dress right.
That must be wonderful: I don't understand it at all.
That no-one ever reads these things?
That one last small, extra Yopp put it over!
That part of the day we spend worrying about how we wasted the morning.
That pig run up and wiggled underneath that tree and lifted it off of me.
That privilege rests upon the premise that there is no proposition so uniformly acknowledged that it may not be lawfully challenged, questioned, and debated.
That quality that distinguishes a crime from a law.
That question should be taken out and shot.
That realm is now a chaos of conflicting norms and standards that not even IBM can hope to control.
That request applies only to dumb people who don't have something interesting to say.
That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
That sounds fantastic, tell me more, tell me more!
That that is is that that is not is not.
That the love of life is the greatest gift.
That turns out not to be the case.
That unit is a woman.
That was a text he held not worth an oyster.
That was long, long ago, and each day since that day, I've worried and worried and worried away.
That was the biggest game we had.
That was the curious incident.
That washes the weary mud away!
That way, you could get hit by meteorites and not even feel it.
That way, you will owe me ten, and I'll owe you ten, and we'll be even!
That we shall boil in a hot steaming kettle of Beezle-Nut oil!
That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
That will make the machine do some more.
That woman speaks eight languages and can't say no in any of them.
That won't help, said the woman, my baby already has a first name.
That would be dishonest.
That you really are strong, And you really do have worth And you learn and learn With every goodbye you learn.
That your lectures bore people to death.
That'll be fine, she'll pick it up.
That's Inamorati Anonymous.
That's a city in Bosnia.
That's a known problem.
That's a nice drawing.
That's a tough word to say, tusks.
That's all I'd do all day.
That's all custody means.
That's all right, dearest, don't give it a second thought, whispered Joe.
That's all right, said the priest.
That's always the way when you discover something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
That's an empty wish.
That's an interesting angle.
That's because they can't figure out how to get two quarts of water into one of those little paper envelopes.
That's contradictory.
That's for me to know and you to find out.
That's his decision to be hurt, that's his choice.
That's life for you, said McDunn.
That's like drinking alcohol for instant motor skills.
That's no beagle, it's a mongrel, she muttered.
That's not my department.
That's nothing, you should hear me play piano.
That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
That's one thing wrong with history.
That's probably my best shot.
That's quite a pig you have there, sir said the salesman.
That's quite all right, replied the snake, I have the same problem!
That's right; the upper-case shift works fine on the screen, but they're not coming out on the damn printer.
That's some family, isn't it?
That's such a sad thought.
That's the Law of Spline Demand.
That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
That's the biggest Apple lie of all!
That's the end of The Joke, but for you people who are still worried about George and Harry: they end up in the drink, and make the front page of the New York Times: Balloonists Soaked by Lawyer.
That's the funniest joke in the world.
That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard.
That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
That's the only thing that never fails.
That's the pink slip on your '74 Firebird, I believe.
That's the place where the powers that be and their friends hang out.
That's the sprit that has brought us fame.
That's the thing about people who think they hate computers.
That's the trouble with time travel, you never can tell.
That's the true harbinger of spring, not crocuses or swallows returning to Capistrano, but the sound of a bat on a ball.
That's the way businesses get started.
That's the way this country was built.
That's the worst addiction of all.
That's two minutes from now.
That's what beta testers are for.
That's what is known as real maturity.
That's what it means to be a programmer.
That's what makes it a thing to be avoided.
That's what she said.
That's what someone told me; But I don't know what it means.
That's what the name is called.
That's what war is all about.
That's what we call love.
That's when they come over and violate your body space.
That's where it all falls down, of course.
That's where the money was.
That's why the best computer minds belong to the opposition.
That's why they were called wise men.
That, and another piece of coffee cake, should do the trick.
That, that is not, is not that, that is.
That, that is not, is not.
That, that is, is not that, that is not.
The 'A' is for content, the 'minus' is for not typing it.
The 10th month of the year.
The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.
The 11th month of the year.
The 12's and 14's are so much smaller.
The 12th month of the year.
The 74-year-old captain, who is still on active duty, was a pioneer in computer technology during World War II.
The 9th month of the year.
The Almighty in His infinite wisdom did not see fit to create Frenchmen in the image of Englishmen.
The American Dental Association announced today that most plaque tends to form on teeth around 4:00 PM in the afternoon.
The Amiga is the only personal computer where you can run a multitasking operating system and get realtime performance, out of the box.
The Analytical Engine weaves Algebraical patterns just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.
The Angels want to wear my red shoes.
The Anglo-Saxon conscience does not prevent the Anglo-Saxon from sinning, it merely prevents him from enjoying his sin.
The Arkansas legislature passed a law that states that the Arkansas River can rise no higher than to the Main Street bridge in Little Rock.
The Army needs leaders the way a foot needs a big toe.
The Avis WIZARD decides if you get to drive a car.
The BEACH goes on, huh, SONNY?
The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman The Babe Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.
The Bible is not my Book and Christianity is not my religion.
The Big Comedy of Nineteen-Sexty-Sex!
The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly.
The Boss is always right.
The Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
The Bozos have learned to enjoy their free time, which is all the time.
The Breakfast Patty would be a patty on a bun with lettuce, tomato, onion, egg, Ba-Ko-Bits, Cheez Whiz, a Special Sauce made by pouring ketchup out of a bottle and a little slip of paper stating: Inspected by Number 12.
The British are coming!
The British contenders in this category, however, took things a stage further.
The British don't like warm beer any more than the Americans do.
The British drink warm beer because they have Lucas refrigerators.
The Bronx diet is a legitimate system of food therapy showing that food SHOULD be used a crutch and which food could be the most effective in promoting spiritual and emotional satisfaction.
The Buddha, the Godhead, resides quite as comfortably in the circuits of a digital computer or the gears of a cycle transmission as he does at the top of a mountain or in the petals of a flower.
The Bulwer-Lytton fiction contest is held ever year at San Jose State Univ.
The Captain then called to the signalman, Signal that ship: We are on a collision course, advise you change course 20 degrees.
The Celts invented two things, Whiskey and self-destruction.
The Chief Priest had been in the temple for many years and could be relied upon to know these things.
The Chinese ideogram for NO-THING.
The City of Palo Alto, in its official description of parking lot standards, specifies the grade of wheelchair access ramps in terms of centimeters of rise per foot of run.
The Commander-in-Chief answers him while chasing a fly, Saying death to all those who would whimper and cry.
The Computer made me do it.
The Concorde has been flying safely for over 10 years.
The Congressional Record.
The Connecticut House of Representatives was in session.
The Constitution may not be perfect, but it's a lot better than what we've got!
The Crown is full of it!
The Cutting Edge of Obsolescence.
The Czech is in the male, replied the second.
The Czechs announced after Sputnik that they, too, would launch a satellite.
The District of Columbia has a law forbidding you to exert pressure on a balloon and thereby cause a whistling sound on the streets.
The Dublin Government immediately advertised for an equal pay enforcement officer.
The Eagle has landed.
The Elder Gods say they can make me a man!
The Encyclopaedia Galactica defines a robot as a mechanical apparatus designed to do the work of a man.
The English have no respect for their language, and will not teach their children to speak it.
The English instinctively admire any man who has no talent and is modest about it.
The FFT made all of Simpson's efficient autocorrelation and spectrum programs instantly obsolete, on which he had worked half a lifetime.
The Finns fought the Russians.
The Force is what holds everything together.
The GNU brewery is mostly known for printing complete brewing instructions on every can, which contains hops, malt, barley, and yeast.
The General disliked trying to explain the highly technical inner workings of the U.
The Golden Rule and love and basic sanitation.
The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it is your move.
The Government just announced today the creation of the Neutron Bomb II.
The Graf Zeppelin represented cutting edge technology for its time.
The Gray Mouser is exactly twenty-five feet below the deepest cellar in the palace of Gilpkerio Kistomerces.
The Grays waited around and waited around, but finally the empire rules it ain't comin' down.
The Great Movie Posters: A mis-spawned murderous abomination from the nether reaches of an unimaginable hell.
The Great Movie Posters: Different!
The Great Movie Posters: SEE rebel guerrillas torn apart by trucks!
The Great Movie Posters: SHE TOOK ON A WHOLE GANG!
The Great Movie Posters: She's got the biggest six-shooters in the West!
The Great Movie Posters: The Miracle of the Age!
The Great Movie Posters: The nightmare terror of the slithering eye that unleashed agonizing horror on a screaming world!
The Great Movie Posters: They hungered for her treasure!
The Greeks never said it was sweet to die for anything.
The Guru doesn't take sides; she welcomes both hackers and lusers.
The Guru doesn't talk, he hacks.
The Guru leads by emptying user's minds and increasing their quotas, by weakening their ambition and toughening their resolve.
The Guru observes the net but trusts his inner vision.
The Guy on the Right Doesn't Stand a Chance The guy on the right has the Osborne 1, a fully functional computer system in a portable package the size of a briefcase.
The HAL Model 9000 is the world's most advanced Heuristically programmed ALgorithmic computer.
The Hacker then quickly pressed the boot toggle at the back of the keyboard, while simultaneously hitting the Undergraduate over the head with a thick Interlisp Manual.
The Halls of Montezuma and the Shores of Tripoli.
The Head turned out to be fairly normal, ignoring his lack of a body, and lived for some time as typical a life as could be expected under the circumstances.
The Head was alive and well, though no one knew how.
The Herald regrets the errors.
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy has a few things to say on the subject of towels.
The Hollywood tradition I like best is called sucking up to the stars.
The IBM 2250 is impressive.
The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term twisted pair.
The IQ of the group is the lowest IQ of a member of the group divided by the number of people in the group.
The IRS spends God knows how much of your tax money on these toll-free information hot lines staffed by IRS employees, whose idea of a dynamite tax tip is that you should print neatly.
The IRS wants you to use this form because it gets to keep most of your money.
The ISHW is being developed with massive govenment funding, since studies show that it already has more than four hundred users, three years before the first prototypes are ready.
The Israelites soon got over their initial fear of the robot and, as the months passed, became very fond of him.
The Japanese sent the order, with a few parts packaged separately in plastic.
The Jumping Frog alone will be remembered.
The Junior God now heads the roll In the list of heaven's peers; He sits in the House of High Control, And he regulates the spheres.
The Killer Ducks are coming!
The Korean War must have been fun.
The Kosher Dill was invented in 1723 by Joe Kosher and Sam Dill.
The LISP machine now permits LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf.
The Law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.
The Lisp Machine uses Type B fluid, the L machine uses Type A fluid.
The Lord Chief Justice of Orbury was asked to donate a shilling.
The Lord and I are in a sheep-shepherd relationship, and I am in a position of negative need.
The Lord gave us farmers two strong hands so we could grab as much as we could with both of them.
The Lord giveth and He just kept on giving, didn't He.
The Lord prefers common-looking people.
The Lunch or Dinner Patty would be any Breakfast Patties that didn't get sold in the morning.
The M-5 computer needed a new power source, the crewman merely got in the way.
The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.
The Magician of the Ivory Tower brought his latest invention for the master programmer to examine.
The Male Prime - they form a prime pair.
The Mariner I space probe was launched from Cape Canaveral on 28 July 1962 towards Venus.
The Martian Canals were clearly the Martian's last ditch effort!
The Martian asked, What's a quarter?
The Martian landed his saucer in Manhattan, and immediately upon emerging was approached by a panhandler.
The Master replied, Some men can earn their keep with the power of their minds.
The Master replies: That programmer has mastered the Tao.
The Mets were great in 'sixty eight, The Cards were fine in 'sixty nine, But the Cubs will be heavenly in nineteen and seventy.
The Milliard Gargantubrain?
The Minnesota Board of Education voted to consider requiring all students to do some volunteer work as a prerequisite to high school graduation.
The Model 9000 isn't going anywhere.
The Moral Majority is neither.
The NY Times is read by the people who run the country.
The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country.
The Network IS the Load Average.
The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.
The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory, in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system.
The New York Times is read by the people who run the country.
The New Yorker blushes, and says, Well, yes, I am.
The OSI view is entirely opposite.
The Official Colorado State Vegetable is now the state legislator.
The Oilers are probably interested in geology, so try sci.
The Olympics are over.
The Pascal system will be replaced next Tuesday by Cobol.
The Pig, if I am not mistaken, Gives us ham and pork and Bacon.
The Poems, all three hundred of them, may be summed up in one of their phrases: Let our thoughts be correct.
The Post will have a story about Muskie making a speech in Iowa.
The Post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
The Priest's grey nimbus in a niche where he dressed discreetly.
The Public is merely a multiplied me.
The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators.
The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
The Right Honorable Gentleman is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts.
The Ringworld will be much sturdier than a Dyson sphere.
The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began.
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police.
The Ruffed Pandanga of Borneo and Rotherham spreads out his feathers in his courtship dance and imitates Winston Churchill and Tommy Cooper on one leg.
The Rule of good St Savage or St Doeppnor As old and strict he tended to ignore; He let go by the things of yesterday And took the modern world's more spacious way.
The SAG is one of the major products developed via the Information Superhighway, the brain child of Al Gore, US Vice President.
The SAG, as the book is affectionately called, is one of the corner stones of the Linux Documentation Project.
The San Diego Freeway.
The Scotsman leaned closer and confided, Why, lass, nothing's worn under the kilt, everything's in perfect workin' order!
The Seafood Lover's Patty would be any patties that were starting to emit a serious aroma.
The Senate amendment was an amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill.
The Shuttle is now going five times the sound of speed.
The Sovereign is a new bottle, made for the launching of the largest cruise ship in the world.
The Spirits of all Three shall strive within me.
The Star will say the same thing, and the Journal will say nothing at all.
The Street finds its own uses for technology.
The Sun must repair your eyes.
The Sun reads a scroll.
The Sundering Seas between them lay, And yet at last they met once more, And long ago they passed away In the forest singing sorrowless.
The Tao doesn't take sides; it gives birth to both wins and losses.
The Tao gave birth to Space and Time.
The Tao gave birth to machine language.
The Tao is like a glob pattern: used but never used up.
The Tao is like a stack: the data changes but not the structure.
The Tao of Programming flows far away and returns on the wind of morning.
The Thomas Jeffersons, The Teddy Roosevelts, The John Kennedys appear.
The Thought Police are here.
The Titanic had a band.
The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
The Troubled Aardvark Once upon a time, there was an aardvark whose only pleasure in life was driving from his suburban bungalow to his job at a large brokerage house in his brand new 4x4.
The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to hang yourself.
The Undergraduate was then Enlightened.
The Universe is populated by stable things.
The University of California Bears announced the signing of Reggie Philbin to a letter of intent to attend Cal next Fall.
The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal, and deviation standard.
The Waltz, Polka, Gallop and other dances of the same kind will be disastrous in their effects to both sexes.
The Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country.
The Way does not belong to things seen: nor to things unseen.
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles.
The Wright Bothers weren't the first to fly.
The Zionist state will dissolve in two weeks time, and its citizens will disperse to various resort communities around the world.
The ability to bear with calmness the misfortunes of our friends.
The ability to play bridge or golf as if they were games.
The above described steps may be performed, at the option of the party of the first part, by any or all agents authorized by him, the objective being to produce the most possible revenue for the Partnership.
The absent ones are always at fault.
The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
The accompanying card read: I would be most obliged if you would pin this on your white meat.
The accompanying letter said: We don't know why you want 1.
The accountant said, It's either 3 or 4.
The adjective is the banana peel of the parts of speech.
The adjuration to be normal seems shockingly repellent to me; I see neither hope nor comfort in sinking to that low level.
The advantage of being celibate is that when one sees a pretty girl one does not need to grieve over having an ugly one back home.
The adverb always follows the verb.
The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper.
The advertisement offered different salary scales for men and women.
The advertisements are written in incomplete sentences, which is how advertising copywriters denote excellence: The Rolex Hyperion.
The aforementioned removal transaction shall include, but not be limited to, the following.
The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts.
The airline has bought ancient DC-3s, arguably the best and safest planes that ever flew, and painted 747 on their tails to make them look as if they are fast.
The alarm clock that is louder than God's own belongs to the roommate with the earliest class.
The algorithm for finding the longest path in a graph is NP-complete.
The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty.
The all-time record here is held by Mr.
The amount of beauty required to launch one ship.
The amount of mathematics she knows will surprise you.
The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.
The amount of weight an evangelist carries with the almighty is measured in billigrahams.
The analyst whipped open the door, and the salesman ran to the door, suddenly stopped, and stepped aside.
The ancient Italian art of pizza folding.
The angel wrote, and vanished.
The anger of a woman is the greatest evil with which you can threaten your enemies.
The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
The announcement produced another cheer and another round of drinks.
The announcer says that their flight has just departed, wishes them a good flight, though there are no planes on the runway.
The annual meeting of the You Have To Listen To Experience Club is now in session.
The answer exists only in the Tao.
The answer is in the negative is a periphrasis for No.
The answer is twelve?
The answer is yes, she would like something for dessert, but she would like you to order it so she can pick at it with your fork.
The answer is: I don't know.
The answer lies within the heart of all mankind!
The answer this time came 120.
The answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything was released with the kind permission of the Amalgamated Union of Philosophers, Sages, Luminaries, and Other Professional Thinking Persons.
The answer to the question of Life, the Universe, and Everything is.
The answers are eternally variable.
The apparatus with which we think that we think.
The application can work around it.
The appreciation of the average visual graphisticator alone is worth the whole suaveness and decadence which abounds!
The archetype is an Irish drunk clown with red hair and nose, and pale skin.
The arching sky is calling Spacemen back to their trade.
The architect did not agree.
The architecture manager had 10 good men.
The argument got quite loud, as various players claimed that honor.
The ark lands after The Flood.
The art of getting other people to do all the work.
The art of incompetence.
The artist explores our dehumanization due to high technology and unresponsive governmental structures in a post-industrial world.
The assembler gave birth to the compiler.
The assertion that all men are created equal was of no practical use in effecting our separation from Great Britain and it was placed in the Declaration not for that, but for future use.
The astrologer is quite glib, confuses the public, uses terms which come from science, come from metaphysics, come from a host of fields, but they really mean nothing.
The attacker must vanquish; the defender need only survive.
The author refuses to comment on Windows NT and Windows 96 versions, claiming not to understand what the question is about.
The average American now pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages.
The average girl would rather have beauty than brains because she knows that the average man can see much better than he can think.
The average income of the modern teenager is about 2 a.
The average man has 4 pairs of footwear: running shoes, dress shoes, boots, and slippers.
The average man still has the gym shirt he wore in high school.
The average man thinks his Y chromosome contains complete repair manuals for every car made since World War II.
The average man won't say anything if he knows that one of his friend's mates is fooling around, and he'd rather not know if his mate is having an affair either, out of fear that it might be with one of his friends.
The average number of items in the typical woman's bathroom is 437.
The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.
The average patron arrives at the Spike in one taxi but needs to go back to his sock in two.
The average programmer dreads the coming of the bird, for he fears its message.
The average programmer is told about the Tao and searches for it.
The average woman has shoes 4 layers thick on the floor of her closet.
The average woman must inevitably view her actual husband with a certain disdain; he is anything but her ideal.
The average woman thinks that funny thump-thump noise is an accurate description of an automotive problem.
The average woman would really like to be told if her mate is fooling around behind her back.
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just terrible.
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that carries any reward.
The bad news is that God has this girlfriend that sings.
The bad news is that you only have six weeks to live.
The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything.
The banana weighs two ounces per inch.
The bank sent our statement this morning, The red ink was a sight of great awe!
The bar is totally silent as they watch the woman pick up the glass and knock back the drink.
The barbed wire on the fence around the Soviet Union is to keep people inside, in the dark.
The barkeep set a beer in front of the string, then suddenly stopped.
The bartender ignores him.
The bartender takes out his six-shooter and shoots the dog in the leg, and the dog runs out the saloon, howling in pain.
The basic idea behind malls is that they are more convenient than cities.
The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
The batter swang and missed.
The batteries are dead!
The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven; The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change.
The bear, unable to stop, continued through the door and into the cabin.
The bearings on the drum are gone, Let nothing you dismay.
The beauty of a pun is in the Oy!
The beer-cooled computer does not harm the ozone layer.
The beleagured manager opened the second envelope.
The belmar blade went hackensack!
The best audience is intelligent, well-educated and a little drunk.
The best book on programming for the layman is Alice in Wonderland; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
The best computer scientists sit down to think up some solution.
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
The best defense against logic is ignorance.
The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
The best equipment for your work is, of course, the most expensive.
The best executive is one who has sense enough to pick good people to do what he wants done, and self-restraint enough to keep from meddling with them while they do it.
The best laid plans of mice and men are held up in the legal department.
The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
The best man for the job is often a woman.
The best portion of a good man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
The best prophet of the future is the past.
The best rebuttal to this kind of statistical argument came from the redoubtable John W.
The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are drifting side by side to our common doom.
The best thing about being bald is, that, when unexpected company arrives, all you have to do is straighten your tie.
The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
The best thing about space travel is that it made it possible to go elsewhere.
The best thing for being sad, replied Merlin, beginning to puff and blow, is to learn something.
The best thing that comes out of Iowa is I-80.
The best things in life are for a fee.
The best things in life go on sale sooner or later.
The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.
The best way to avoid responsibility is to say, I've got responsibilities.
The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.
The best way to get to level 3 is egg-nog.
The best way to inspire fresh thoughts is to seal the envelope.
The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them is a match.
The best way to preserve a right is to exercise it, and the right to smoke is a right worth dying for.
The best you get is an even break.
The better part of valor is discretion.
The better the state is established, the fainter is humanity.
The big cities of America are becoming Third World countries.
The big guys always win.
The big name for us in the world of chess is Gibaud, a French chess master.
The big ones you get used to, you make up your mind to them.
The big problem with pornography is defining it.
The big question is why in the course of evolution the males permitted themselves to be so totally eclipsed by the females.
The bigger the theory the better.
The bigger the theory, the better.
The bigger they are, the harder they hit.
The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
The biggest mistake you can make is to believe that you are working for someone else.
The biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred.
The bird singing outside your window is a buzzard.
The birds are singing, the flowers are budding, and it is time for Miss Manners to tell young lovers to stop necking in public.
The black bear used to be one of the most commonly seen large animals because in Yosemite and Sequoia national parks they lived off of garbage and tourist handouts.
The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.
The blank area on the back of credit cards where one's signature goes.
The bogosity meter just pegged.
The bomb will never go off.
The boring art of coping with a large number of trivialities.
The boss comes by, and I play the game, Then I turn back to net.
The boss returned from lunch in a good mood and called the whole staff in to listen to a couple of jokes he had picked up.
The bottle alone cost 8,000 dollars to produce and they only made 8 of them.
The boy looked at him levelly.
The boy said naught but thought instead, Remembering his pounded head: Force is not might but must!
The boy stood on the burning deck, Eating peanuts by the peck.
The brain is what life is all about.
The brilliant Cerebron, attacking the problem analytically, discovered three distinct kinds of dragon: the mythical, the chimerical, and the purely hypothetical.
The brotherhood of man is not a mere poet's dream; it is a most depressing and humiliating reality.
The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be.
The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.
The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy.
The butcher is weary and tired because he has cut meat and steak and lamb for hours and weeks.
The button at the top of a baseball cap.
The cable TV sex channels don't expand our horizons, don't make us better people, and don't come in clearly enough.
The cable had passed us by; the dish was the only hope, and eventually we were all forced to turn to it.
The camel has a single hump; The dromedary two; Or else the other way around.
The can looks a lot like Mac Beer's can, but tastes more like Windows 3.
The can looks just like Windows 3.
The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animals.
The capacity to steal other people's ideas and phrases.
The capital of Massachusetts.
The carbonyl is polarized, The delta end is plus.
The carpet died, a palm collapsed, The cat keeps doing poo.
The cart has no place where a fifth wheel could be used.
The cats keep trying to bury them.
The center fielder was all set to catch the ball, but at the last minute his eyes were blound by the sun and he dropped it.
The center is very pleased with progress to date.
The center of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away.
The center was ideal for programmers who liked to soak in hot tubs while they worked.
The central portion houses a hydro- chemical-conversion unit.
The chain which can be yanked is not the eternal chain.
The chains of marriage are so heavy that it takes two to carry them, and sometimes three.
The challenge of space exploration and particularly of landing men on the moon represents the greatest challenge which has ever faced the human race.
The characteristic of religion, from their point of view, is that it is intellectually secret, not public; peculiarly revealed, not generall known; authoritatively declared, not communicated and tested in ordinary ways.
