A 'full' life in my experience is usually full only of other people's demands.
A 13 year-old blond with an angelic face misses supper.
A CONS is an object which cares.
A Chicago salesman was about to check into a St.
A Chihuahua isn't a dog.
A Code of Honour: never approach a friend's girlfriend or wife with mischief as your goal.
A Difficulty for Every Solution.
A Dublin lawyer died in poverty and many barristers of the city subscribed to a fund for his funeral.
A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.
A French chopping center.
A German, a Pole and a Czech left camp for a hike through the woods.
A Hollywood producer calls a friend, another producer on the phone.
A Horrifying Movie of Weird Beauties and Shocking Monsters.
A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.
A LOVER in your arms!
A Live Celebrity Gets Eaten by a Shark'.
A Los Angeles judge ruled that a citizen may snore with immunity in his own home, even though he may be in possession of unusual and exceptional ability in that particular field.
A Lot less than 50 years worth of paralysis.
A MODERN FABLE Aesop's fables and other traditional children's stories involve allegory far too subtle for the youth of today.
A Mexican newspaper reports that bored Royal Air Force pilots stationed on the Falkland Islands have devised what they consider a marvelous new game.
A New York City judge ruled that if two women behind you at the movies insist on discussing the probable outcome of the film, you have the right to turn around and blow a Bronx cheer at them.
A No uttered from deepest conviction is better and greater than a Yes merely uttered to please, or what is worse, to avoid trouble.
A Paris theater can be infused with the spiritual for all its solidity.
A Riverside, California, health ordinance states that two persons may not kiss each other without first wiping their lips with carbolized rosewater.
A Roman divorced from his wife, being highly blamed by his friends, who demanded, Was she not chaste?
A Scholar asked his Master, Master, would you advise me of a proper vocation?
A Scotsman was strolling across High Street one day wearing his kilt.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
A Thaum is the basic unit of magical strength.
A University without students is like an ointment without a fly.
A Vulcan can no sooner be disloyal than he can exist without breathing.
A and B, being positive integers, must both be 1.
A baby is God's opinion that the world should go on.
A baby is an alimentary canal with a loud voice at one end and no responsibility at the other.
A bachelor is a man who never made the same mistake once.
A bachelor is a selfish, undeserving guy who has cheated some woman out of a divorce.
A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy for ever.
A backscratcher will always find new itches.
A bad idea whose time has come.
A bad marriage is like a horse with a broken leg, you can shoot the horse, but it don't fix the leg.
A bagpipe with pleats.
A bagpiper with a beeper.
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back the when it begins to rain.
A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
A beautiful man is paradise for the eyes, hell for the soul, and purgatory for the purse.
A beautiful woman is a blessing from Heaven, but a good cigar is a smoke.
A beautiful woman is a picture which drives all beholders nobly mad.
A beer delayed is a beer denied.
A beginning is the time for taking the most delicate care that balances are correct.
A billion hours ago man had not yet walked on earth.
A billion minutes ago was just after the time of Christ.
A billion saved is a billion earned.
A billion seconds ago Harry Truman was president.
A biologist, a statistician, a mathematician and a computer scientist are on a photo-safari in Africa.
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
A bird in the hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand is worth two in the bush.
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
A bird in the hand makes it awfully hard to blow your nose.
A bit o' fresh meat will go down sweet!
A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.
A black porter was carrying my bags, and as we were waiting for the train to come in, he said to me: Excuse me, Mr.
A blind rabbit was hopping through the woods, tripping over logs and crashing into trees.
A blue whale in my soup.
A body of elderly gentlemen charged with high duties and misdemeanors.
A book is the work of a mind, doing its work in the way that a mind deems best.
A booming voice says, Wrong, cretin!
A bore is a man who talks so much about himself that you can't talk about yourself.
A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours.
A boss with no humor is like a job that's no fun.
A box without hinges, key, or lid, Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
A boy can learn a lot from a dog: obedience, loyalty, and the importance of turning around three times before lying down.
A boy gets to be a man when a man is needed.
A boy scout troop went on a hike.
A boy spent years collecting postage stamps.
A budget is just a method of worrying before you spend money, as well as afterward.
A bug can be changed to a feature by documenting it.
A bug in incant, made it thus.
A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.
A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
A building that's perfect, it has no flaw!
A bump o' the boot on the seat, Tom thoguht, Would be the way to larn him.
A bunch of Polish scientists decided to flee their repressive government by hijacking an airliner and forcing the pilot to fly them to the West.
A bunch of the boys were whooping it in the Malemute saloon; The kid that handles the music box was hitting a jag-time tune; Back of the bar, in a solo game, sat Dangerous Dan McGrew, And watching his luck was his light-o'-love, the lady that's known as Lou.
A bureaucrat's idea of cleaning up his files is to make a copy of everything before he destroys it.
A businessman is a hybrid of a dancer and a calculator.
A canary with the super-user password.
A candidate is a person who gets money from the rich and votes from the poor to protect them from each other.
A car is just a big purse on wheels.
A car with only one working headlight.
A career is great, but you can't run your fingers through its hair.
A cat gets horny, it does something about it.
A cat has one tail more than no cat.
A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
A celestial object whose phase is very important to hackers.
A central corporate headquarters decrees the form of all rites and practices.
A certain amount of opposition is a help, not a hindrance.
A certain old cat had made his home in the alley behind Gabe's bar for some time, subsisting on scraps and occasional handouts from the bartender.
A certain small number of brain cells will deteriorate due to everyday activity, but large amounts are weakened by intense mental effort and the assimilation of difficult concepts.
A chemist who discovers a laundry additive that rhymes with bright.
A chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.
A child is a person who can't understand why someone would give away a perfectly good kitten.
A child of 5 could understand this!
A child of five could understand this!
A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature.
A chronic disposition to inquiry deprives domestic felines of vital qualities.
A circus foreman was making the rounds inspecting the big top when a scrawny little man entered the tent and walked up to him.
A citizen of America will cross the ocean to fight for democracy, but won't cross the street to vote in a national election.
A civilized race could not have found such a trick in the Library!
A civilized race could not have stooped so low!
A classic is something that everyone wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
A clever prophet makes sure of the event first.
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
A cloud does not know why it moves in just such a direction and at such a speed, if feels an impulsion.
A commercial, and in some respects a social, doubt has been started within the last year or two, whether or not it is right to discuss so openly the security or insecurity of locks.
A committee is a group that keeps the minutes and loses hours.
A committee is a life form with six or more legs and no brain.
A committee takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts and dies, scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom.
A commune is where people join together to share their lack of wealth.
A company is known by the men it keeps.
A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works.
A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
A comprehensive plan of inaction.
A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention, with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequila.
A computer owner who can read the manual.
A computer salesman visits a company president for the purpose of selling the president one of the latest talking computers.
A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate cake without ketchup and mustard.
A concise, clever statement you don't think of until too late.
A concise, clever statement.
A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.
A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done.
A consultant is a person who borrows your watch, tells you what time it is, pockets the watch, and sends you a bill for it.
A contagious good cheer is the hallmark of this presidency, even when the most dismal matters are concerned.
A continuing flow of paper is sufficient to continue the flow of paper.
A cop pulled me over for speeding.
A cop will shine a light in your face.
A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the damned things is ample.
A couch is as good as a chair.
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats.
A couple more shots of whiskey, women 'round here start looking good.
A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong game.
A couple of young fellers were fishing at their special pond off the beaten track when out of the bushes jumped the Game Warden.
A cousin heard him the other day and screamed with enthusiasm.
A cousin of mine once said about money, money is always there but the pockets change; it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money.
A cow is a completely automated milk-manufacturing machine.
A creature like ourselves, yet he flies!
A creature that can leap to tremendous heights.
A crisis is when you can't say let's forget the whole thing.
A critic is a bundle of biases held loosely together by a sense of taste.
A critic is simply someone paid to render opinions glibly.
A critic of the day said she was worse than a Gatling gun and in one slim volume counted 21 killed and 9 wounded.
A crow perched himself on a telephone wire.
A cucumber is not a vegetable but a fruit.
A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
A day for firm decisions!
A day without orange juice is like a day without orange juice.
A day without sunshine is like a day without Anita Bryant.
A day without sunshine is like a day without orange juice.
A day without sunshine is like night.
A dead man cannot bite.
A deaf policeman heard the noise, Came and arrested those two dead boys.
A debugged program is one for which you have not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
A decided, they wanted Roland dead, That son-of-a-bitch Van Owen, blew off Roland's head.
A decision in your favor.
A definition of teaching: casting fake pearls before real swine.
A derogatory term, usually referring to a person's intelligence.
A different color or shape than our competitors.
A diplomat is a man who can convince his wife she'd look stout in a fur coat.
A diplomat is a person who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you actually look forward to the trip.
A diplomat is man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never her age.
A diplomat's life consists of three things: protocol, Geritol, and alcohol.
A diplomatic husband said to his wife, How do you expect me to remember your birthday when you never look any older?
A dirty mind is a joy forever.
A disappointed George took his dog and went home.
A disciple of another sect once came to Drescher as he was eating his morning meal.
A discussion of non-orthogonal, non-integral polytheism is beyond the scope of this article.
A disease incurred by exposure to the prosperity of a friend.
A disgrace you can be proud of.
A distraught patient phoned her doctor's office.
A diva who specializes in risque arias is an off-coloratura soprano.
A doctor calls his patient to give him the results of his tests.
A doctor was stranded with a lawyer in a leaky life raft in shark-infested waters.
A doctor, an architect, and a computer scientist were arguing about whose profession was the oldest.
A dollar for your death.
A domineering man married a mere wisp of a girl.
A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him what he meant.
A dream will always triumph over reality, once it is given the chance.
A dues-paying club workers wield to strike management.
A dwarf is passing out somewhere in Detroit!
A fail-safe circuit will destroy others.
A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.
A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
A fake fortuneteller can be tolerated.
A famous Lisp Hacker noticed an Undergraduate sitting in front of a Xerox 1108, trying to edit a complex Klone network via a browser.
A fanatic is a person who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.
A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the house of seven gobbles.
A farmer is a man outstanding in his field.
A farmer with extremely prolific hens posted the following sign.
A father doesn't destroy his children.
A father gave his teen-age daughter an untrained pedigreed pup for her birthday.
A federally insured chain letter.
A feed salesman is on his way to a farm.
A fellow bought a new car, a Nissan, and was quite happy with his purchase.
A female having the same mother and father as the speaker.
A few blocks later, the woman admired a full-length sable coat.
A few have been privileged to see Umcherrel, the soul of the forest, and they are known as spirit masters.
A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
A few minutes later the physicist understands too and chuckles to himself happily as he now has enough experimental evidence to publish a paper.
A few minutes later they returned and announced their intention of robbing the bank, but none of the staff believed them.
A few seconds later the doors opened, two tumbleweeds blew in.
A few times we succeed.
A few weeks passed and the New Yorker saunters into a store dressed in a ten-gallon hat, cowboy boots, Levi jeans and a bandanna.
A fifth theory is held by idiots, but it is doubtful if they know any more about the matter than the others.
A figure with curves always offers a lot of interesting angles.
A file I intended to save?
A firefly is not a fly, but a beetle.
A flashy Mercedes-Benz roared up to the curb where a cute young miss stood waiting for a taxi.
A fluent French speaker, he exhibited great surprised when told, after two days, that he was hearing a murder trial.
A fool and his honey are soon parted.
A fool and his money are soon popular.
A fool and your money are soon partners.
A fool must now and then be right by chance.
A fool takes in all the lumber of every sort he comes across, so that the knowledge which might be useful to him gets crowded out, or at best is jumbled up with a lot of other things, so that he has difficulty in laying his hands upon it.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry.
A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A forest was discovered recently in which most of the trees grew ratchet screwdrivers as fruit.
A form of government abroad.
A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
A four drawer, manually activated trash compactor.
A four-wheeled vehicle that runs up hills and down pedestrians.
A fox is a wolf who sends flowers.
A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension.
A free society is one where it is safe to be unpopular.
A friend in need is a pest indeed.
A friend informs us that he saw at the Novato ranch, Marin county, a few days since, a hen actually brooding and otherwise caring for three kittens!
A friend is a present you give yourself.
A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture.
A friend of mine won't get a divorce, because he hates lawyers more than he hates his wife.
A full belly makes a dull brain.
A gallows was erected in front of the city gates.
A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet.
A gangster assembled an engineer, a chemist, and a physicist.
A garment worn by a child when its mother feels chilly.
A general leading the State Department resembles a dragon commanding ducks.
A gentleman is a man who wouldn't hit a lady with his hat on.
A gentleman never strikes a lady with his hat on.
A gentleman with whom he was hunting attempted to bring down a dove, but instead of doing so put the load of shot through the Colonel's hat.
A giant panda bear is really a member of the racoon family.
A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
A girl is the un-grown-up version.
A girl spent a couple hours on the phone talking to her two best friends, Maureen Jones, and Maureen Brown.
A girl with a future avoids the man with a past.
A girl's best friend is her mutter.
A gloom fell on the hackers; it seemed to be the end, But Puff trapped the exception, and grew from naught again!
A good USENET motto would be: a.
A good man always knows his limitations.
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and deaf husband.
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A good name lost is seldom regained.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A good question is never answered.
A good reputation is more valuable than money.
A good road map should help.
A good scapegoat is hard to find.
A good supervisor can step on your toes without messing up your shine.
A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to you about yourself.
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart that looks at her watch.
A government that is big enough to give you all you want is big enough to take it all away.
A grade school teacher was asking students what their parents did for a living.
A grammarian's life is always in tense.
A great empire, like a great cake, is most easily diminished at the edges.
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
A great nation is any mob of people which produces at least one honest man a century.
A green hunting cap squeezed the top of the fleshy balloon of a head.
A group of politicians deciding to dump a President because his morals are bad is like the Mafia getting together to bump off the Godfather for not going to church on Sunday.
A guard explained, Yes, we were planning to look for them, but never got around to it.
A guilty conscience is the mother of invention.
A guinea pig is not from Guinea but a rodent from South America.
A guy came in and asked me, If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?
A guy has to get fresh once in a while so a girl doesn't lose her confidence.
A guy walks into a bar, orders a beer, carries it to the bathroom and dumps it into a urinal.
A guy who wraps up a two-minute idea in a two-hour vocabulary.
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
A halted retreat Is nerve-wracking and dangerous.
A hammer sometimes misses its mark - a bouquet never.
A handful of friends is worth more than a wagon of gold.
A happy fly A man like me?
A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact.
A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own weight in other people's patience.
A healthy understanding of the way the universe works.
A help wanted add for a photo journalist asked the rhetorical question: If you found yourself in a situation where you could either save a drowning man, or you could take a Pulitzer prize winning photograph of him drowning, what shutter speed and setting would you use?
A herald announced, Whoever would enter the city must first answer the truth to a question which will be put to him.
A hermit is a deserter from the army of humanity.
A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods while the policeman searches you.
A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?
A hoodlum is a pretty lousy sort of scum.
A horror story to prepare children for the newspapers.
A horse breeder has his young colts bottle-fed after they're three days old.
A housewife, an accountant and a lawyer were asked to add 2 and 2.
A howling hellcat humping a hot steel hog on a roaring rampage of revenge!
A hundred thousand lemmings can't be wrong!
A hungrier dog hunts even better.
A husband and wife forget to register their gift preferences.
A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted.
A is for awk, which runs like a snail, and B is for biff, which reads all your mail.
A journalist, thrilled over his dinner, asked the chef for the recipe.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
A journey of a thousand miles starts under one's feet.
A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer.
A kid'll eat the middle of an Oreo, eventually.
A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
A king's castle is his home.
A kiss is a course of procedure, cunningly devised, for the mutual stoppage of speech at a moment when words are superfluous.
A lack of leadership is no substitute for inaction.
A lady is one who never shows her underwear unintentionally.
A lake of molten brimstone means that its temperature must be at or below the boiling point, or 444.
A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing.
A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program in than some that do.
A large number of installed systems work by fiat.
A large spider in an old house built a beautiful web in which to catch flies.
A lawyer named Strange was shopping for a tombstone.
A lawyer who looks like a French Nobleman is executed in his place.
A lawyer with a roving commission.
A lesson to be learned.
A lethargic world serves no cause well; a spirited world working diligently toward earnestly desired goals provides the means and the strength toward which many ends can be satisfied.
A lie in time saves nine.
A lie is an abomination unto the Lord and a very present help in time of trouble.
A lifetime isn't nearly long enough to figure out what it's all about.
A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
A likely impossibility is always preferable to an unconvincing possibility.
A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
A little dog goes into a saloon in the Wild West, and beckons to the bartender.
A little experience often upsets a lot of theory.
A little inaccuracy saves a world of explanation.
A little inaccuracy sometimes saves tons of explanation.
A little kid went up to Santa and asked him, Santa, you know when I'm bad right?
A little of both, Guv'nor.
A little retrospection shows that although many fine, useful software systems have been designed by committees and built as part of multipart projects, those software systems that have excited passionate fans are those that are the products of one or a few designing minds, great designers.
A little suffering is good for the soul.
A little while later the two kings of the jungle emerged and the radioman recorded on his tape: Well, that's the end of the gnus and here, once again, are the head lions.
A little word of doubtful number, A foe to rest and peaceful slumber.
A log may float in a river, but that does not make it a crocodile.
A logging firm from out of town Came and chopped the trees all down.
A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.
A long memory is the most subversive idea in America.
A long time, he says, we're building a house.
A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon.
A loon is he that will not sing: O!
A lost ounce of gold may be found, a lost moment of time never.
A lot of people I know believe in positive thinking, and so do I.
A lot of people are afraid of heights.
A lot of the stuff I do is so minimal, and it's designed to be minimal.
A lot of things I didn't know about.
A loud general cheer went up.
A low-cost substitute for wallpaper.
A machine which you go into as a pig and come out as a sausage.
A man always needs to remember one thing about a beautiful woman.
A man always remembers his first love with special tenderness, but after that begins to bunch them.
A man arrived home early to find his wife in the arms of his best friend, who swore how much they were in love.
A man can be happy with any woman so long as he doesn't love her.
A man can dig a posthole in sixty seconds.
A man can have two, maybe three love affairs while he's married.
A man does not look behind the door unless he has stood there himself.
A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.
A man for all seasons.
A man from AI walked across the mountains to SAIL to see the Master, Knuth.
A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles in the road.
A man got out of the car and went in the house and had dinner with your wife.
A man has a little more trouble letting go.
A man in love is incomplete until he is married.
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
A man is crawling through the Sahara desert when he is approached by another man riding on a camel.
A man is known by the company he organizes.
A man is like a rusty wheel on a rusty cart, He sings his song as he rattles along and then he falls apart.
A man may be so much of everything that he is nothing of anything.
A man may sometimes be forgiven the kiss to which he is not entitled, but never the kiss he has not the initiative to claim.
A man of genius makes no mistakes.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he was making a bolt for the door.
A man sank into the psychiatrist's couch and said, I have a terrible problem, Doctor.
A man seated on the other side of the room with a date of his own beckoned to the waiter and said, We'll have two of whatever she was drinking.
A man took his wife deer hunting for the first time.
A man turns into a bug and his family gets annoyed.
A man usually falls in love with a woman who asks the kinds of questions he is able to answer.
A man waits 'til the only items left in his fridge are half a lime and a Blue Ribbon.
A man walked into a bar with his alligator and asked the bartender, Do you serve lawyers here?
A man was griping to his friend about how he hated to go home after a late card games.
A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his wife asked What have you got there?
A man was talking to his best friend about his married life.
A man who can afford to raise cain.
A man who carries a cat by its tail learns something he can learn in no other way.
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who goes through life without a hitch.
A man who has a better memory than a debtor.
A man who invites the wolf in and appears the next day in a fur coat.
A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.
A man who knows a job sees so much more to be done than he has done, that he is always pressing forward and never gives up an instant of thought to how good and how efficient he is.
A man who knows all the ankles.
A man who mounts animals.
A man who never buys.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A man will let new shirts sit on the shelf in their original packaging for a couple of years before putting them to use, hoping they'll become more comfortable with age.
A man will meet another man with common interests, do a few things together, and say nothing.
A man will start by grabbing the cherry in the center.
A man will wear every article of clothing he owns, including his surgical pants that were hip about eight years ago, before he will do his laundry.
A man with 3 wings and a dictionary is cousin to the turkey.
A man with one watch knows what time it is.
A man with two watches is never quite sure.
A man without a woman is like a statue without pigeons.
A man would not be able to identify most of these items.
A man would still do something out of sheer perversity - he would create destruction and chaos - just to gain his point.
A man wrapped up in himself makes a very small package.
A man's best friend is his dogma.
A man's gotta know his limitations.
A man's house is his hassle.
A man, a plan, a canal, Panama.
A manager asked a programmer how long it would take him to finish the program on which he was working.
A manager was about to be fired, but a programmer who worked for him invented a new program that became popular and sold well.
A manager went to his programmers and told them: As regards to your work hours: you are going to have to come in at nine in the morning and leave at five in the afternoon.
A manager went to the master programmer and showed him the requirements document for a new application.
A manly man, to be a wizard able; Many a protected file he had sitting on his table.
A mass of conflicting impulses.
A master programmer passed a novice programmer one day.
A master was asked the question, What is the Way?
A master was explaining the nature of Tao to one of his novices.
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
A mathematician, a doctor, and an engineer are walking on the beach and observe a team of lifeguards pumping the stomach of a drowned woman.
A meeting is an event at which the minutes are kept and the hours are lost.
A member of the unconsidered, or negligible sex.
A memorandum is written not to inform the reader, but to protect the writer.
A method for transforming energy into solid waste.
A method is given to construct the desired proof.
A method of publicizing inventions so others can copy them.
A method of solution is perfect if we can foresee from the start, and even prove, that following that method we shall attain our aim.
A mighty creature is the germ, Though smaller than the pachyderm.
A miller received from a wizard a wonderful machine that just ground salt out of itself all day long.
A mind is a terrible thing to have leaking out your ears.
A mind is a wonderful thing to waste.
A mischievous, magical spirit associated with screen displays.
A mistake carried out to perfection.
A modest woman, dressed out in all her finery, is the most tremendous object in the whole creation.
A month later, returning, the mad scientist went to the engineer's cell and found it long empty.
A more convincing form of proof by example.
A more sententious, holding- forth old bore who expected every hero-worshiping adenoidal little twerp of a student-poet to hang on to his every word I never saw.
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable.
A most individual judge of poetry, he once invited Alexander Pope round to give a public reading of his latest poem.
A mother mouse was taking her large brood for a stroll across the kitchen floor one day when the local cat, by a feat of stealth unusual even for its species, managed to trap them in a corner.
A mother takes twenty years to make a man of her boy, and another woman makes a fool of him in twenty minutes.
A mother's opinions about her children's beauty, intelligence, goodness, et cetera ad nauseam, keep her from drowning them at birth.
A motion to adjourn is always in order.
A mountain with hiccups.
A mouse built to government specifications.
A mouse is an elephant built by the Japanese.
A murder trial at Manitoba in February 1978 was well advanced, when one juror revealed that he was completely deaf and did not have the remotest clue what was happening.
A mushroom cloud has no silver lining.
A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a new theatrical season.
A musician of more ambition than talent composed an elegy at the death of composer Edward MacDowell.
A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
A nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you.
A national debt, if it is not excessive, will be to us a national blessing.
A neighbor came to Nasrudin, asking to borrow his donkey.
A new 'chutist had just jumped from the plane at 10,000 feet, and soon discovered that all his lines were hopelessly tangled.
A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job.
A new concept in abuser interfaces.
A new level of software disintegration.
A new road or a secret gate, Let them pass!
A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure.
A nice place to visit, but you can't stay here for long.
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
A noise with dirt on it.
A notice on the side reminds you to drag your empties to the trashcan.
A noun that's sound would never clown, but unsound nouns jump up and down.
A novice asked the Master: Here is a programmer that never designs, documents, or tests his programs.
A novice asked the master: I have a program that sometimes runs and sometimes aborts.
A novice asked the master: I perceive that one computer company is much larger than all others.
A novice asked the master: In the east there is a great tree-structure that men call 'Corporate Headquarters'.
A novice of the temple once approached the Chief Priest with a question.
A novice programmer was once assigned to code a simple financial package.
A novice programmer, seeking to imitate him, also began to write unstructured programs.
A novice was trying to fix a broken lisp machine by turning the power off and on.
A nuclear war can ruin your whole day.
A number of different approaches.
A pain in the ass of major dimensions.
A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
A particular memory in physical form.
A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
A pedestal is as much a prison as any small, confined space.
A pen or pencil or typewriter.
A pencil with no point needs no eraser.
A penny for your thoughts?
A penny saved has not been spent.
A penny saved is a penny taxed.
A penny saved is a penny to squander.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A penny saved kills your career in government.
A people living under the perpetual menace of war and invasion is very easy to govern.
A period of three hundred and sixty-five disappointments.
A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.
A person is just about as big as the things that make them angry.
A person of low taste, more interested in himself than me.
A person who cuts red tape sideways.
A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something.
A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.
A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.
A person who talks when you wish him to listen.
A pessimist asked God for relief.
A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
A pessimist is a married optimist.
A physician one night in Wisconsin being disturbed by a burglar, and having no ball or shot for his pistol, noiselessly loaded the weapon with small, hard pills, and gave the intruder a prescription which he thinks will go far towards curing the rascal of a very bad ailment.
A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
A pickup with three guys in it pulls into the lumber yard.
A pig is a pal, who'll boost your morale, Though mountains may topple and tilt.
A pipe gives a wise man time to think and a fool something to stick in his mouth.
A pity that it's totally undeserved.
A place for everything and everything in its place.
A place people meet to have a few drinks.
A place where minutes are kept and hours are lost.
A place where they dispense with justice.
A platitude is simply a truth repeated till people get tired of hearing it.
A plethora of individuals with expertise in culinary techniques contaminate the potable concoction produced by steeping certain edible nutriments.
A plucked goose doesn't lay golden eggs.
A plumbing system is very much like your electrical system, except that instead of electricity, it has water, and instead of wires, it has pipes, and instead of radios and waffle irons, it has faucets and toilets.
A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
A point around which something revolves; axis.
A political man can have as his aim the realization of freedom, but he has no means to realize it other than through violence.
A politician who has tenure.
A popular story circulating during his presidency concerned the night he was roused by his wife crying, Wake up!
A possum must be himself, and being himself he is honest.
A potting shed's for potting; But no one's found A bounder bound Or caught an otter otting.
A pound of salt will not sweeten a single cup of tea.
A power so great, it can only be used for Good or Evil!
A practical joker deserves applause for his wit according to its quality.
A prediction is worth twenty explanations.
A preposition is something you never end a sentence with.
A pretty foot is one of the greatest gifts of nature.
A pretty woman can do anything; an ugly woman must do everything.
A priest advised Voltaire on his death bed to renounce the devil.
A priest asked: What is Fate, Master?
A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
A prisoner of war is a man who tries to kill you and fails, and then asks you not to kill him.
A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
A program should be light and agile, its subroutines connected like a strings of pearls.
A program should follow the 'Law of Least Astonishment'.
A program with GOTOs, it has no end!
A program, no matter how complex, should act as a single unit.
A programmer from a very large computer company went to a software conference and then returned to report to his manager, saying: What sort of programmers work for other companies?
A programmer is a person who passes as an exacting expert on the basis of being able to turn out, after innumerable punching, an infinite series of incomprehensible answers calculated with micrometric precisions from vague assumptions based on debatable figures taken from inconclusive documents.
A programmer who will believe anything you tell him.
A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.
A programming language.
A prominent broadcaster, on a big-game safari in Africa, was taken to a watering hole where the life of the jungle could be observed.
A promotion you receive on the condition that you leave town.
A proponent of the belief that black is white.
A psychiatrist is a fellow who asks you a lot of expensive questions your wife asks you for nothing.
A public debt is a kind of anchor in the storm; but if the anchor be too heavy for the vessel, she will be sunk by that very weight which was intended for her preservation.
A pushy romeo asked a gorgeous elevator operator, Don't all these stops and starts get you pretty worn out?
A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as you could blow it in may be blown in.
A question of interest, my dear Sir!
A raccoon tangled with a 23,000 volt line today.
A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives.
A ranger was walking through the forest and encountered a hunter carrying a shotgun and a dead loon.
A rather plaintive Is it up?
A reader reports that the Army calls them vertically deployed anti- personnel devices.
A reader reports that when the patient died, the attending doctor recorded the following on the patient's chart: Patient failed to fulfill his wellness potential.
A real diplomat is one who can cut his neighbor's throat without having his neighbor notice it.
A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.
A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away.
A real gentleman never takes bases unless he really has to.
A real patriot is the fellow who gets a parking ticket and rejoices that the system works.
A real person has two reasons for doing anything.
A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer scientists.
A religion of intellectual death.
A religion of slaves.
A reverend wanted to telephone another reverend.
A right is not what someone gives you; it's what no one can take from you.
A robin redbreast in a cage Puts all Heaven in a rage.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
A rock store eventually closed down; they were taking too much for granite.
A rolling disk gathers no MOS.
A rolling stone gathers momentum.
A rolling stone gathers no moss.
A rope lying over the top of a fence is the same length on each side.
A rose is a rose is a rose.
A rotten Big Boy hitting the target is a memorable sound, like a fat man doing a belly-flop.
A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
A salamander scurries into flame to be destroyed.
A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.
A score in the fifth percentile or below will result in the withdrawal of your Temporary Disk space.
A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from the vexation of thinking.
A sense of desolation and uncertainty, of futility, of the baselessness of aspirations, of the vanity of endeavor, and a thirst for a life giving water which seems suddenly to have failed, are the signs in conciousness of this necessary reorganization of our lives.
A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are worth committing.
A sentiment appropriate to the occasion of another's superiority.
A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself.
A serious believer in the White House?
A serious public debate about the validity of astrology?
A sharper perspective on this matter is particularly important to feminist thought today, because a major tendency in feminism has constructed the problem of domination as a drama of female vulnerability victimized by male aggression.
A sheet of paper crossed my desk the other day and as I read it, realization of a basic truth came over me.
A sheet of paper is an ink-lined plane.
A short period of doting between dating and debting.
A shortcut is the longest distance between two points.
A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to Madonna, a young puppy.
A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
A single flow'r he sent me, since we met.
A sinking ship gathers no moss.
A sittin' out there on the rocks.
A sleek brown head, a seal's, far out on the water, round.
A slow pup is a lazy dog.
A slow-moving parody of a text editor.
A small town that cannot support one lawyer can always support two.
A smile crossed his face as a seven showed up, but it quickly changed to horror as third die slipped out of his sleeve and fell to the ground with the two others.
A snake lurks in the grass.
A social scientist, studying the culture and traditions of a small North African tribe, found a woman still practicing the ancient art of matchmaking.
A sociologist, a psychologist, and a engineer were discussing the consequences and implications of a married man's having a mistress.
A soft answer turneth away wrath; but grievous words stir up anger.
A soft drink turneth away company.
A soft malleable metal relatively scarce in distribution.
A software disaster of Biblical proportions.
A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
A solution in search of a problem!
A song in time is worth a dime.
A specification that will not fit on one page of 8.
A spherical display in the middle of the floor illuminated to show the starfield surrounding the ship.
A spoken or written reply, as to a question.
A squeegee by any other name wouldn't sound as funny.
A stadium or inclosed playing field.
A star captain's most solemn oath is that he will give his life, even his entire crew, rather than violate the Prime Directive.
A state in the northeast United States.
A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.
A statesman is a politician who's been dead 10 or 15 years.
A statistician, who refused to fly after reading of the alarmingly high probability that there will be a bomb on any given plane, realized that the probability of there being two bombs on any given flight is very low.
A stitch in time saves nine.
A strange enigma is man!
A strange smell in the fuel lines.
A straw vote only shows which way the hot air blows.
A strife of interests masquerading as a contest of principles.
A strong conviction that something must be done is the parent of many bad measures.
A student asked the master for help.
A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
A student, in hopes of understanding the Lambda-nature, came to Greenblatt.
A substance that, injected into a rat, produces a scientific paper.
A surprising property of a program.
A swift-flowing steam does not grow stagnant.
A synagogue that closes for the Jewish holidays.
A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.
A tail is quite essential for your acrobatic talents: You would not be so agile if you lacked its counterbalance; And when not being utilized to aid in locomotion, It often serves to illustrate the state of your emotion.
A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
A tautology is a thing which is tautological.
A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
A theory is better than its explanation.
A thick seafood soup, often in a milk base.
A thief is anybody who gets out and works for his living, like robbing a bank or breaking into a place and stealing stuff, or kidnapping somebody.
A thing is not necessarily true because a man dies for it.
A thing that begins at home and usually stays there.
A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
A town where they still know how to get your shirts back by Thursday.
A tract of ground adjacent to a building.
A trade by which one gains and the other loses is a fraud.
A transistor protected by a fast-acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.
A traveling salesman was driving past a farm when he saw a pig with three wooden legs executing a magnificent series of backflips and cartwheels.
A trial where the jury gets together and forms a lynching party.
A triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene triangle.
A true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art.
A true inspiration to others.
A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
A truth that's told with bad intent Beats all the lies you can invent.
A typical man thinks he's Mario Andretti as soon as he slips behind the wheel of his car.
A unit of documentation.
A unit of measure applied to color.
A universe in which the standard dress is shirt and tie and in which a person's working hours are defined as 9 to 5.
A university faculty is 500 egotists with a common parking problem.
A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
A used car salesman knows when he's lying.
A vacuum is a hell of a lot better than some of the stuff that nature replaces it with.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's printed on.
A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's written on.
A violent man will die a violent death.
A virtue peculiar to those who are about to be betrayed.
A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
A voice, sweetened and sustained, called to him from the sea.
A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
A watched clock never boils.
A week later his friend drops by to ask the genius if he's had any success.
A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
A well-known friend is a treasure.
A well-trained sonnet lives to entertain, by making love directly to the brain.
A well-used door needs no oil on its hinges.
A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program is its own hell.
A whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
A wide necktie is a sign of disease.
A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs.
A wise man can see more from a mountain top than a fool can from the bottom of a well.
A wise man can see more from the bottom of a well than a fool can from a mountain top.
A wise person makes his own decisions, a weak one obeys public opinion.
A witty saying proves nothing, but saying something pointless gets people's attention.
A witty saying proves nothing.
A wizard cannot do everything; a fact most magicians are reticent to admit, let alone discuss with prospective clients.
A woman can never be too rich or too thin.
A woman did what a woman had to, the best way she knew how.
A woman forgives the audacity of which her beauty has prompted us to be guilty.
A woman has got to love a bad man once or twice in her life to be thankful for a good one.
A woman is any grown-up female person.
A woman is like your shadow; follow her, she flies; fly from her, she follows.
A woman knows all about her children.
A woman makes a list of things she needs and then goes to the store and buys these things.
A woman may very well form a friendship with a man, but for this to endure, it must be assisted by a little physical antipathy.
A woman only likes men she can't have and the South gets trashed.
A woman physician has made the statement that smoking is neither physically defective nor morally degrading, and that nicotine, even when indulged to in excess, is less harmful than excessive petting.
A woman should have compassion.
A woman shouldn't have to buy her own perfume.
A woman was in love with fourteen soldiers.
A woman went into a hospital one day to give birth.
A woman will generally admire an ornate dessert for the artistic work it is, praising its creator and waiting a suitable interval before she reluctantly takes a small sliver off one edge.
A woman will meet another woman with common interests, do a few things together, and say something like, I hope we can be good friends.
A woman will slow down to let a car merge in front of her, and get rear-ended by another woman who was busy adding the finishing touches to her makeup.
A woman with a fine prospect of happiness behind her.
A woman without a man is like a fish without a bicycle.
A woman's best protection is a little money of her own.
A woman's place is in the house.
A woman, especially if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.
A word that strikes no pleasure?
A word to the wise is enough.
A word to the wise is often enough to start an argument.
A world lacking gravy is a tragic place!
A would-be disciple came to Nasrudin's hut on the mountain-side.
A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call what he writes fiction.
A writer must not shift your point of view.
A yawn is a silent shout.
A year later, everything went wrong at once and the manager was blamed for all of it.
A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
A young girl hides in an attic but is discovered.
A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new bonnet.
A young girl, Carmen Cohen, was called by her last name by her father, and her first name by her mother.
A young honeymoon couple were touring southern Florida and happened to stop at one of the rattlesnake farms along the road.
A young husband with an inferiority complex insisted he was just a little pebble on the beach.
A young man and his girlfriend were walking along Main Street when she spotted a beautiful diamond ring in a jewelry-store window.
A young man enters the New York branch of Tiffany's on a Friday evening and walks up to a display case full of pearl necklaces.
A young man wrote to Mozart and said: Herr Mozart, I am thinking of writing symphonies.
A young man, not yet; an elder man, not at all.
A young married couple had their first child.
A-1 steak sauce, ice, salt, pepper, celery.
APL hackers do it in the quad.
APL is a high level anguish.
APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection.
APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming;.
APL is a write-only language.
ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.
ASCII is our god, and Unix is his profit.
ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.
Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
Abe, I'm in a terrible pickle!
Aberdeen was so small that when the family with the car went on vacation, the gas station and drive-in theatre had to close.
Able to pick with equal skill a right-hand pocket or a left.
Abou spoke more low, But cheerly still; and said, I pray thee then, Write me as one that loves his fellow-men.
About a month before.
About a silver lining For we know from experience that they won't roll by.
About a week later his friend wakes up in the middle of the night with a start because he can feel a presence in the room.
About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.
About the guns, then?
About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
About the only thing we have left that actually discriminates in favor of the plain people is the stork.
About the time we think we can make ends meet, somebody moves the ends.
About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt ax.
About them sentence fragments.
Above all things, reverence yourself.
Above all, relax and have a nice day.
Above this point it would be a vapor, not a lake.
Abraham Lincoln didn't die in vain.
Abraham, and not one syllable is thine!
Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes, A root or two, a torus and a node: The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind blows out candles and fans fires.
Absence in love is like water upon fire; a little quickens, but much extinguishes it.
Absence is to love what wind is to fire.
Absence makes the heart forget.
Absence makes the heart go wander.
Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
Absence makes the heart grow frantic.
Absinthe makes the tart grow fonder.
Absolute power is kind of neat.
Absolute: Independent, irresponsible.
Absolutely no ifs, ands, or butts.
Absolutely nothing should be concluded from these figures except that no conclusion can be drawn from them.
Absorb ego shattering impulse rays, polyester poltroon!
Abstainer: A weak person who yields to the temptation of denying himself a pleasure.
Abstract: This study examined the incidence of neckwear tightness among a group of 94 white-collar working men and the effect of a tight business-shirt collar and tie on the visual performance of 22 male subjects.
Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics, because the stakes are so low.
Academicians care, that's who.
Academics because he was concerned about his players' mental abilities.
Academy: A modern school where football is taught.
Accent on helpful side of your nature.
Accept any substitute.
Accidents cause History.
Accidents make people.
According to Arkansas law, Section 4761, Pope's Digest: No person shall be permitted under any pretext whatever, to come nearer than fifty feet of any door or window of any polling room, from the opening of the polls until the completion of the count and the certification of the returns.
According to Connellan, the highly productive Japanese society has 10 lawyers and 30 accountants per 100,000 population.
According to Fletcher, he had expected to be co-authored with Millikan on the crucial first article announcing the measurement of the electronic charge, but was talked out of this by Millikan.
According to Kentucky state law, every person must take a bath at least once a year.
According to a recent and unscientific national survey, smiling is something everyone should do at least 6 times a day.
According to all the latest reports, there was no truth in any of the earlier reports.
According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold, and according to convention, there is an order.
According to my best recollection, I don't remember.
According to probably reliable sources, the Coca-Cola people are experiencing severe marketing anxiety in China.
According to the FAA, the propeller blade didn't break off, it was just a case of uncontained blade liberation.
According to the Rand McNally Places-Rated Almanac, the best place to live in America is the city of Pittsburgh.
According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never dies.
According to the tax bill signed by President Reagan on December 22, 1987, Don Tyson and his sister-in-law Barbara run a family farm.
Accordingly, we have developed a new approach to artificial intelligence which we call wisdom engineering.
Account for the lack of references to brown rice in Dylan's lyrics.
Accounting file for everyone.
Acids stain you, And drugs cause cramp.
Acronym for Mechanized Applications in Forced Insurance Accounting.
Act as if nothing has happened!
Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
Acting is not very hard.
Actor: So what do you do for a living?
Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.
Actresses will happen in the best regulated families.
Actual war is a very messy business.
Actually, I think my fear of yams began in my early youth, when many of my young comrades pelted me with same for singing songs of far-off lands and deep blue seas in a language closely resembling that of the common sow.
Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.
Actually, no programmers write in BASIC after reaching puberty.
Actually, of course, this is a working assumption only.
Actually, stealing IS easier.
Actually, typing random strings in the Finder does the equivalent of filename completion.
Actually, what I'd like is a little toy spaceship!
Ada is the work of an architect, not a computer scientist.
Adam and Eve had many advantages, but the principal one was, that they escaped teething.
Add a picture of his factory.
Add lemon juice and rind.
Add little to little and there will be a big pile.
Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo.
Addition makes an alcohol, Of types there are but three.
Additionally, you begin to believe that elevators have windows.
Adhere to your own act, and congratulate yourself if you have done something strange and extravagant, and broken the monotony of a decorous age.
Administration: An ingenious abstraction in politics, designed to receive the kicks and cuffs due to the premier or president.
Admission is free, pay at the door, Pull up a chair, and sit on the floor.
Admission is free, please pay at the door.
Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
Advertises that its cans won't explode when you open them, even if you shake them up.
Advertising is a valuable economic factor because it is the cheapest way of selling goods, particularly if the goods are worthless.
Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
Advertising may be described as the science of arresting the human intelligence long enough to get money from it.
Advertising wondrous things.
Advice from an old carpenter: measure twice, saw once.
Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.
Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic, then at least be aseptic.
Aerobic exercises stimulate and speed up the heart.
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence.
Afflicted with an impediment in one's reach.
Afghanistan, I lost my corkscrew, and we were forced to live on nothing but food and water for days.
Aforesaid installation shall occur in a manner consistent with the reverse of the procedures described in step one of this self-same document, being careful to note that the rotation should occur in a clockwise direction, this point also being non-negotiable.
After 13 minutes' flight a booster engine would give acceleration up to 25,820 mph; after 44 minutes 9,800 solar cells would unfold; after 80 days a computer would calculate the final course corrections and after 100 days the craft would cirlce the unknown planet, scanning the mysterious cloud in Lost and forgotten be, darker than the darkness, Where gates stand for ever shut, till the world is mended.
After 35 years, I have finished a comprehensive study of European comparative law.
After Goliath's defeat, giants ceased to command respect.
After I asked him what he meant, he replied that freedom consisted of the unimpeded right to get rich, to use his ability, no matter what the cost to others, to win advancement.
After I had been doing this a while, I began including their net addresses as well.
After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed.
After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out.
After a few minutes, she says, I could put the computer on a very fast machine and the computer would have just a few minutes to calculate but that is the exact opposite of what we want.
After a number of decimal places, nobody gives a damn.
After a terrible series against the New York Giants, in which our center fielder made three throwing errors and let two balls get through his legs, manager Billy Meyer pleaded, Can somebody think of something to help us win a game?
After a time they judge them.
After a time, you may find that having is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as wanting.
After a very pleasurable three-day stay, the man approached the front desk and told the clerk he was checking out.
After a while you'd run out of air to push against.
After about a half mile the fella stopped and stooped over with his hands on his thighs, whooping and heaving to catch his breath as the Game Warden finally caught up to him.
After all is said and done, a hell of a lot more is said than done.
After all my erstwhile dear, My no longer cherished, Need we say it was not love, Just because it perished?
After all, I'm older than most western countries.
After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
After all, any man who can hitch the length and breadth of the Galaxy, struggle against terrible odds, win through and still know where his towel is, is clearly a man to be reckoned with.
After all, everyone knows a bargain dog never bites!
After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
After all, the net exists to give you an audience.
After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party?
After an hour's wait he was just a few feet from the booth when a voice called out, Hey, Dave!
After an instrument has been assembled, extra components will be found on the bench.
After any salary raise, you will have less money at the end of the month than you did before.
After being reported missing a day or two later, rangers found two bears, one a male, one a female, looking suspiciously overstuffed.
After considerable thought, he settled on an naming the car either Belchazar or Beaumadine, but remained in a quandary about the final choice.
After dinner they went upstairs and I saw your wife kissing him.
After everyone has gone to sleep two lone cavalry officers stand watch over the camp.
After forty hours in the air, George turned to Harry, and said, Harry, I think we've drifted off course!
After he had made his selection, the stonecutter asked him what inscription he would like on it.
After he'd given her some basic instructions, they agreed to separate and rendezvous later.
After his Ignoble Disgrace, Satan was being expelled from Heaven.
After living in New York, you trust nobody, but you believe everything.
After months of training, the father drop commented to the mother drop, We've taught our boy everything we know, he's fit to be tide.
After more than 70 years of study, there still does not exist one example of an ESP phenomenon that is replicable under controlled conditions.
After much trial and error, I have found that the best direction for a hot tub to face is up.
After seeing the sights, they engaged in small talk with the man that handled the snakes.
After several hours of quiet, they hear war drums starting from a nearby Indian village they had passed during the day.
After some observations and rough calculations the engineer realizes the situation and starts laughing.
After some serious detective work, the lads in blue found a suspect, and after questioning, released him to be charged on summons.
After that, any considerable decrease in the daily oxygen doses results in death with symptoms resembling those of cyanide poisoning.
After the Children of Israel had wandered for thirty-nine years in the wilderness, Ferdinand Feghoot arrived to make sure that they would finally find and enter the Promised Land.
After the battle, the reward.
After the ceremony, Shirley thanked her mourners and explained how delightful it was to get it together again, presumably referring to having her now dead body join her long dead brain.
After the first four years the dirt doesn't get any worse.
After the game the king and the pawn go in the same box.
After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.
After the little penguin is hatched, the mother sees fit to come home.
After the reading, a good friend of Lord Halifax, a certain Dr.
After the second week the mathematician appears at his friend's house, looking quite a bit rumpled, and announces, I think I've got it!
After the year 2015, there will be no airplane crashes.
After this was written there appeared a remarkable posthumous memoir that throws some doubt on Millikan's leading role in these experiments.
After this, everything else is peaches and cream.
After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless.
After three years I no longer saw this mass.
After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes.
After two or three weeks of this madness, you begin to feel As One with the man who said, No news is good news.
After typing cp on his DOS machine at home, he downloaded GNU's unix tools ported to DOS and installed them.
After watching an extremely attractive maternity-ward patient earnestly thumbing her way through a telephone directory for several minutes, a hospital orderly finally asked if he could be of some help.
After watching my newly-retired dad spend two weeks learning how to make a new folder, it became obvious that intuitive mostly means what the writer or speaker of intuitive likes.
After what you all have done, I find being 'inhuman' a compliment.
After working late, a valiant warrior gets lost on his way home.
After working with it.
After years of interacting with this other man, sharing hopes and fears that he wouldn't confide in his priest or psychiatrist, he'll finally let down his guard in a fit of drunken sentimentality and say something like, You know, for someone who's such a jerk, I guess you're OK.
After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
Afternoon very favorable for romance.
Against his wishes, a math teacher's classroom was remodeled.
Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
Age and treachery will always overcome youth and skill.
Age before beauty; and pearls before swine.
Age is a tyrant who forbids, at the penalty of life, all the pleasures of youth.
Agree with them now, it will save so much time.
Ah no, it's always just my luck to get One perfect rose.
Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.
Ah, Hakuin replied, pointing excitedly, And Thou art Fat!
Ah, another Noel Coward!
Ah, brown sugar just like a young girl should Drums beating cold English blood runs hot Lady of the house wonderin' where it's gonna stop House boy knows that he's doing alright You should a heard him just around midnight.
Ah, but a man's grasp should exceed his reach, Or what's a heaven for ?
Ah, but the choice of dreams to live, there's the rub.
Ah, look at all the lonely users.
Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me, How good, how good does it feel to be free?
Ah, said the student, you have not heard.
Ah, sweet Springtime, when a young man lightly turns his fancy over!
Ah, the Tsar's bazaar's bizarre beaux-arts!
Ah, the monk sighed, a beatific smile wrinkling across his cheeks, Thou art That.
Ah, you know the type.
Ah, you wish me to restore your hope and cheerfulness, said God.
Aha, the BUGS section at last.
Ahead warp factor one, Mr.
Ain't got no distractions, Unlimited space on disk.
Ain't no free lunches.
Ain't no right way to do a wrong thing.
Ain't nothin' an old man can do for me but bring me a message from a young man.
Ain't that something what happened today.
Air is water with holes in it.
Air pollution is really making us pay through the nose.
Airline personnel walk around, apologizing profusely to customers in hushed voices, pointing from time to time to the sleek, powerful jets outside the terminal on the field.
Airplanes are interesting toys but of no military value.
Al didn't smile for forty years.
Alan Turing thought about criteria to settle the question of whether machines can think, a question of which we now know that it is about as relevant as the question of whether submarines can swim.
Alas, I am dying beyond my means.
Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
Alas, if this fails, and the voodoo boxen aren't destroyed, there may be more than worms in the apple.
Albert Camus wrote that the only serious question is whether to kill yourself or not.
