The pyramid is opening!
The queen knew she had seen his face someplace before, And slowly she let him inside.
The question is rather: if we ever succeed in making a mind 'of nuts and bolts', how will we know we have succeeded?
The question is, said Alice, whether you can make words mean so many different things.
The question is, what did the archbishop find?
The question is, why are politicians so eager to be president?
The question of the existence of the reader is left as an exercise for the second god coefficient.
The question of the existence of views in the absence of anyone to hold them is left as an exercise for the reader.
The question of whether computers can think is just like the question of whether submarines can swim.
The question to ask next is what list it is.
The question which divides us is whether it is crazy enough to have a chance of being correct.
The questions remain the same.
The rabbit ran his paws all over the snake.
The race is not always to the swift, nor the battle to the strong, but that's the way to bet.
The radiation falling on Heaven will heat it to the point where the heat lost by radiation is just equal to the heat received by radiation, i.
The railroad company won the case, and the president of the company complimented the old-timer for his story.
The railroad don't run no more.
The rate at which a disease spreads through a corn field is a precise measurement of the speed of blight.
The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the illiterates can read.
The reader this message encounters not failing to understand is cursed.
The real problem with hunting elephants is carrying the decoys.
The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
The real reason large families benefit society is because at least a few of the children in the world shouldn't be raised by beginners.
The real reason psychology is hard is that psychologists are trying to do the impossible.
The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.
The reason ESP, for example, is not considered a viable topic in contemoprary psychology is simply that its investigation has not proven fruitful.
The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.
The reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of thirty-five.
The reason it's called Grape Nuts is that it contains dextrose, which is also sometimes called grape sugar, and also because Grape Nuts is catchier, in terms of marketing, than A Cross Between Gerbil Food and Gravel, which is what it tastes like.
The reason surgeons wear masks.
The reason that every major university maintains a department of mathematics is that it's cheaper than institutionalizing all those people.
The reason there are two sides to begin with usually is because neither side has all the facts.
The reason they're called wisdom teeth is that the experience makes you wise.
The reason we find only robust persons doing this thing is that it has killed all the others who have tried it.
The reason why worry kills more people than work is that more people worry than work.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself.
The rebel army was captured on its way through the mountains.
The relative importance of files depends on their cost in terms of the human effort needed to regenerate them.
The release of emotion is what keeps us health.
The religious factions that are growing throughout our land are not using their religious clout with wisdom.
The remaining three folios are now in the British Museum.
The removal of bruises on a banana.
The replacement of a working component by a new version requires the same systematic testing procedure that adding a new component does, although it should require less time, for more complete and efficient test cases will usually be available.
The reply came, fading towards the end, NO!
The reply will discuss the one you are least interested, and say nothing about the other.
The reported resort to astrology in the White House has occasioned much merriment.
The response was, 'Perhaps you could try to be less abusive.
The rest cheat in Europe.
The rest he covered with hair.
The rest is done with mirrors.
The result of flattening high-mindedness out.
The result of shutting down a production line.
The result, as Ovid says, is a big pile.
The result: Since pseudocode - unlike real code - doesn't have to be maintained, no one will maintain it.
The results blacked out 1400 homes and, of course, one raccoon.
The reverse side also has a reverse side.
The revolution will not be televised.
The reward for working hard is more hard work.
The reward of a thing well done is to have done it.
The rhino is a homely beast, For human eyes he's not a feast.
The rich and powerful know that he is.
The rich get it in the summer and the poor get it in the winter.
The rich get rich, and the poor get poorer.
The rides are dilapidated to the point of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent little children.
The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body.
The rights and interests of the laboring man will be protected and cared for not by our labor agitators, but by the Christian men to whom God in his infinite wisdom has given control of property interests of the country, and upon the successful management of which so much remains.
The ripest fruit falls first.
The river delight to lift us free, if only we dare let go.
The road to Hades is easy to travel.
The road to hell is paved with NAND gates.
The road to ruin is always in good repair, and the travellers pay the expense of it.
The road was long and there were many obstacles along the way, robbers to be overcome, hard terrain to cross.
The root of all superstition is that men observe when a thing hits, but not when it misses.
The rose of yore is but a name, mere names are left to us.
The rule is, jam to-morrow and jam yesterday, but never jam today.
The rule on staying alive as a forecaster is to give 'em a number or give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
The rule on staying alive as a program manager is to give 'em a number or give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
The rules of programming are transitory; only the Tao is eternal.
The sailor cried out There's a beautiful.
The salary of the chief executive of the large corporation is not a market award for achievement.
The salesman and the system analyst took off to spend a weekend in the forest, hunting bear.
The salesman slammed the door closed and grinned at his friend.
The salient characteristic of an imbedded system is that it cannot be allowed to get into a state from which only direct intervention will suffice to remove it.
The same clerk hurries over to him and says, Sir, I'm sorry to have to tell you this, but your check was returned for insufficient funds.
The same is true of money.
The same is true of the recent spate of alleged UFO abductees.
The same middle name.
The same people who doubt experts can also believe any quackery, from the benefits of laetrile to eye of newt to the movment of planets.
The savior becomes the victim.
The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse.
The search for the perfect martini is a fraud.
The second best policy is dishonesty.
The second category are the neighbors of anyone who happens to be accused of the crime.
The second is justification of herself by accusation of you.
The second myth of management is that success equals skill.
The second student to try was a man of physics who commented, I'm not sure of the validity of your proof, but I think I'll try to prove it by experiment.
The second thing you've got to do is speak in a southern drawl.
The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.
The secret of healthy hitchhiking is to eat junk food.
The secret of life is to look good at a distance.
The secret of success is sincerity.
The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
The sendmail configuration file is one of those files that looks like someone beat their head on the keyboard.
The senior class president, Barnard-bound come autumn, tells Mom she's going out to a movie one night and stays out.
The servant said My master is out.
The servants gone to a distant planet.
The seven deadly sins.
The seven eyes of Ningauble the Wizard floated back to his hood as he reported to Fafhrd: I have seen much, yet cannot explain all.
The seven year itch comes from fooling around during the fourth, fifth, and sixth years.
The several sects perform the office of a common censor morum over each other.
The shape I've selected is a triangle.
The sheep died in the wool.
The sheep that fly over your head are soon to land.
The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
The short form is what the Internal Revenue Service calls simplified, which means it is designed for people who need the help of a Sears tax-preparation expert to distinguish between their first and last names.
The shortest distance between any two puns is a straight line.
The shortest distance between two points is off the wall.
The shortest distance between two points is under construction.
The shouter comments, That must have been a mathematician.
The sign said Breakfast Anytime.
The simple rights, the civil liberties from generations of struggle must not be just fine words for patriotic holidays, words we subvert on weekdays, but living, honored rules of conduct amongst us.
The simplest questions are the most profound.
The single most important word in the world.
The sirens got louder and louder.
The site has also installed a new throttle on the network pipe, allowing at most four clients at the same time, thus making a new crash less likely.
The six great gifts of an Irish girl are beauty, soft voice, sweet speech, wisdom, needlework, and chastity.
The sixth sheik's sixth sheep's sick.
The sixties were good to you, weren't they?
The skeptic's role is to point out claims that are not adequately supported by acceptable evidcence and to provide plausible alternative explanations that are more in keeping with the accepted body of scientific evidence.
The sky is blue so we know where to stop mowing.
The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
The smallness of it is what's attractive.
The smell of something was strong in the air as we played whatever sport we played.
The smiling Spring comes in rejoicing, And surly Winter grimly flies.
The so-called desktop metaphor of today's workstations is instead an airplane-seat metaphor.
The so-called lessons of history are for the most part the rationalizations of the victors.
The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy.
The sociologist's opinion was that it is absolutely and categorically unforgivable for a married man to forfeit the bond of matrimony, and engage in such lowly and lustful pursuits.
The software is a multi-faceted as a diamond and as convoluted as a primeval jungle.
The software is self-consistent and easy-to-use.
The software requires that your body be hardwired to an analog-to-digital converter, which is then interfaced to your computer.
The software with no visible means of support.
The soldier came knocking upon the queen's door.
The soloist was of uniformly low standard and next morning the music critic of Le Figaro wrote: There was a strange concert at the Salle Gaveau last night.
The solution of problems is the most characteristic and peculiar sort of voluntary thinking.
The solution of this problem is trivial and is left as an exercise for the reader.
The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
The solution, if any, to a class of Mascheroni construction problems in which given algorithms require geometrical representation using only the 35 basic ideograms of the ANSI template.
The song is called 'Ways and Means': but that's only what it is called you know!
The song really is A-sitting on a Gate: and the tune's my own invention.
The sooner all the animals are extinct, the sooner we'll find their money.
The sooner our happiness together begins, the longer it will last.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you have to catch up.
The sooner you fall behind, the more time you will have to catch up.
The sooner you make your first 5000 mistakes, the sooner you will be able to correct them.
The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.
The sound made by a well bred duck.
The sound of a noun could distrub the plowing, and then, my dear, you'd be put in the pound.
The sounds of the nouns are mostly unbound.
The southern roads were still five feet between rails.
The spark-gap is mightier than the pen.
The speaker's dull; the subject's deep.
The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.
The spinning disks made the whole computer jump, and finally it crashed through the floor to the basement.
The spirit and intent of the program should be retained throughout.
The spirit of Plato dies hard.
The sprung doors parted and I staggered out into the lobby's teak and flicker.
The spurious Street o' Walls!
The square kicks some cats are on stay with them; The hip bits, like, go down under; so let it lay with Caesar.
The squeezing of fruit into 10 columns has yielded such memorable obscenities as COX OR PIP.
The stakes were enormous, the tension palpable.
The star of riches is shining upon you.
The starchy, edible tuber of a widely cultivated plant.
The stars are made of the same atoms as the earth.
The starter motor requires large quantities of smoke to operate properly, and that's why the wire going to it is so large.
The startled cat fled in fear for its life.
The startling truth finally became apparent, and it was this: Numbers written on restaurant checks within the confines of restaurants do not follow the same mathematical laws as numbers written on any other pieces of paper in any other parts of the Universe.
The state law of Pennsylvania prohibits singing in the bathtub.
The state of innocence contains the germs of all future sin.
The state of mind of elderly persons with whom one happens to disagree.
The statements are, therefore, confined to BEGIN, END and STOP.
The statistician: Hey, calm down, it's not significant.
The steady state of disks is full.
The story you are about to hear is true.
The street preacher looked so baffled When I asked him why he dressed With forty pounds of headlines Stapled to his chest.
The streets were dark with something more than night.
The strength of the Constitution lies entirely in the determination of each citizen to defend it.
The strong give up and move away, while the weak give up and stay.
The strong individual loves the earth so much he lusts for recurrence.
The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and is an emerging underachiever.
The student replied That's the mouse.
The study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-elephant biology.
The stuff that I can drink all day Until my mem'ry melts away.
The stuff that Joe's Bar has on tap, With golden base and snowy cap.
The subject engaging them was she.
The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets.
The sudden voice of the stewardess on the plane's intercom, finally woke the bruiser, and Moishe, his heart in his mouth, rose to the occasion.
The sum of the Universe is zero.
The sum of the intelligence of the world is constant.
The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness.
The super-user's going to boot me!
The superfluous is very necessary.
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
The surest poison is time.
The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.
The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife.
The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
The surest way to remain a winner is to win once, and then not play any more.
The swiftness of her response puzzled him.
The system is going to crash.
The system was down for backups from 5am to 10am last Saturday.
The tables in this laboratory, ma'am, are as advanced in design as one will find anywhere in the world.
The tank holds 20 gallons, but at the moment is only three-quarters full.
The teacher explained what his son had said and demanded an explanation.
The teacher was aghast and promptly changed the subject to geography.
The teeth that bite, the nails And the red bank bayonne.
The telephone is a good way to talk to people without having to offer them a drink.
The temperature of Heaven can be rather accurately computed from available data.
The temperature of the aqueous content of an unremittingly ogled culinary vessel will not achieve 100 degrees on the Celsius scale.
The term fire brings up visions of violence and mayhem and the ugly scene of shooting employees who make mistakes.
The terrified man handed over a bottle of whiskey, which the man guzzled in one gulp and then smashed on the bar.
The terror of their tyranny, however, is alleviated by their lack of consistency.
The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
The test of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
The theory that the effects of cerebral atrophy can be reversed through the purging action of heavy alcohol consumption.
The thing that puzzles you, he said, is an accepted saying that happens to be impossible.
The thing, indeed, is not only conceivable; it is even highly probable.
The things I worry about don't happen.
The things most worth reading are precisely those that challenge our convictions.
The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.
The third student to try it was the engineering student, who responded, Well, to be honest, actually, I'm not sure of your answer either.
The thirteenth month of the year.
The thought is frightening.
The three best things about going to school are June, July, and August.
The thrill is here, but it won't last long You'd better have your fun before it moves along.
The time for action is past!
The time for all Whos who have blood that is red to come to the aid of their country!
The time is right to make new friends.
The time was the 19th of May, 1780.
The time when men of reason go to bed.
The town's up in arms, but just before the police take action, the kids turn up.
The trailing edge of software technology.
The train stopped running years ago.
The tree in which the sap is stagnant remains fruitless.
The tree of research must from time to time be refreshed with the blood of bean counters.
The trial was abandoned when a third juror said that he suffered from both conditions, being simultaneously unversed in the English language and nearly as deaf as the first juror.
The trick is to make one with none.
The trick of retiring well may be the trick of living well.
The trick was to make these calls at noon, in the hope that out-to-lunch executives would return them at their own expense.
The trouble is that conduct is almost always based upon some belief, and that to change the hearer's belief will generally to some extent change his conduct, and may even evoke conduct that the law forbids.
The trouble is, there is an endless supply of White Men, but there has always been a limited number of Human Beings.
The trouble with a lot of self-made men is that they worship their creator.
The trouble with being poor is that it takes up all your time.
The trouble with being punctual is that nobody's there to appreciate it.
The trouble with being punctual is that people think you have nothing more important to do.
The trouble with computers is that they do what you tell them, not what you want.
The trouble with doing something right the first time is that nobody appreciates how difficult it was.
The trouble with eating Italian food is that five or six days later you're hungry again.
The trouble with heart disease is that the first symptom is often hard to deal with: death.
The trouble with money is it costs too much!
The trouble with opportunity is that it always comes disguised as hard work.
The trouble with superheros is what to do between phone booths.
The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds the other fellow of a dull one.
The trouble with the rat-race is that even if you win, you're still a rat.
The trouble with this country is that there are too many politicians who believe, with a conviction based on experience, that you can fool all of the people all of the time.
The trouble with this fact, as lovely as it is, is that it's hard to get a whole column out of it.
The trouble with you Is the trouble with me.
The true Southern watermelon is a boon apart, and not to be mentioned with commoner things.
The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense of being more than man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is to be found in mathematics as surely as in poetry.
The true way goes over a rope which is not stretched at any great height but just above the ground.
The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
The truth about a woman often lasts longer than the woman is true.
The truth is rarely pure, and never simple.
The truth is that Christian theology, like every other theology, is not only opposed to the scientific spirit; it is also opposed to all other attempts at rational thinking.
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility.
The truth of a thing is the feel of it, not the think of it.
The truth was that Plato knew philosophers couldn't compete successfully with poets.
The truth you speak has no past and no future.
The turnaround time's nineteen weeks.
The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks Which practically conceal its sex.
The two definition immediately foregoing are condensed from the works of one thousand eminent scientists, who have illuminated the subject with a great white light, to the inexpressible advancement of human knowledge.
The two models, however, are not compatible on the same communications line connection.
The two most beautiful words in the English language are Cheque Enclosed.
The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
The two older brothers were discouraged, since they had not thought of this and were unprepared.
The two oldest professions in the world have been ruined by amateurs.
The two party system.
The two things that can get you into trouble quicker than anything else are fast women and slow horses.
The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
The typical page layout program is nothing more than an electronic light table for cutting and pasting documents.
The ugly duckling striking back, and she'll decide her fate.
The ultimate bottleneck.
The ultimate game show will be the one where somebody gets killed at the end.
The ultimate, indivisible unit of matter.
The underside was brown, small white worms lived in it, and it was very juicy.
The unfacts, did we have them, are too imprecisely few to warrant our certitude.
The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.
The universe is an island, surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.
The universe is ruled by letting things take their course.
The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent.
The universe, they said, depended for its operation on the balance of four forces which they identified as charm, persuasion, uncertainty and bloody-mindedness.
The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
The unsaid part of what you're thinking.
The urge to destroy is also a creative urge.
The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable that I assume it must be evil.
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offence.
The use of a watch attracts attention, so I reckon time by the number of my breathings, of which there are 15 in a minute.
The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems is a symptom of professional immaturity.
The use of money is all the advantage there is to having money.
The use of the passive is a particularly nice touch, don't you think?
The user can figure it out.
The user is pleased and there is harmony in the world.
The usual or standard state or manner of something.
The vain attempt to avoid errors by inactivity.
The value of a program is proportional the weight of its output.
The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
The value of marriage is not that adults produce children, but that children produce adults.
The vast majority of successful major crimes against property are perpetrated by individuals abusing positions of trust.
The verdict of a jury is the a priori opinion of that juror who smokes the worst cigars.
The very best person they can possibly be.
The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
The very powerful and the very stupid have one thing in common.
The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
The vet was later fined L140 for starting a fire in a manner surprising to the magistrates.
The vice-presidency ain't worth a pitcher of warm spit.
The vigor of civilized societies is preserved by the widespread sense that high aims are worth-while.
The visibility was poor with patchy fog, so the Captain remained on the bridge keeping an eye on all activities.
The vision raised its head, And with a look made of all sweet accord, Answered, The names of those who love the Lord.
The voluptuous blond was chatting with her handsome escort in a posh restaurant when their waiter, stumbling as he brought their drinks, dumped a martini on the rocks down the back of the blonde's dress.
The vorpal blade went snicker-snack.
The voters have spoken, the bastards.
The wages of sin are high but you get your money's worth.
The wages of sin are unreported.
The warders had not, however, noticed the gaping holes in the wall because they were covered with posters.
The warlord asked the programmer: Which is easier to design: an accounting package or an operating system?
The warlord of Wu nodded and smiled.
The warlord uttered an exclamation of disbelief.
The waste disposal apparatus is located to the rear of this central section.
The watchmen, going the rounds of the city, met me; they struck me and wounded me; the watchmen on the walls took away my cloak.
The water was not fit to drink.
The way I understand it, the Russians are sort of a combination of evil and incompetence.
The way he went after that plump sister in the lace tucker, was an outrage on the credulity of human nature.
The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones.
The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.
The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
The way to a man's stomach is through his esophagus.
The way to fight a woman is with your hat.
The way to love anything is to realize that it might be lost.
The way to make a small fortune in the commodities market is to start with a large fortune.
The weather at home improves as soon as you go away.
The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful.
The weatherman said I don't understand it.
The whole earth is in jail and we're plotting this incredible jailbreak.
The whole idea is to get where you don't need it.
The whole of life is futile unless you consider it as a sporting proposition.
The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts.
The whole world is a scab.
The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
The whole world is about three drinks behind.
The wife turned and smiled at her companion.
The windowing system preferred by masochists 3 to 1.
The wise instructor accomplishes this by opening to his pupils precisely the attractions the study has for himself.
The wise man seeks everything in himself; the ignorant man tries to get everything from somebody else.
The wise programmer is told about the Tao and follows it.
The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
The witless mapping of the sublime onto the ridiculous!
The woman looks him up and down; he's wearing a nice suit and some pretty nice jewelry, but she has trouble believing this story.
The woman says Oh, gee.
The woman who gives herself takes all your time.
The wombat lives across the seas, Among the far Antipodes.
The wombat, determined not to be had the better of again, threw its bulk into the fray.
The wonderful thing about a dancing bear is not how well he dances, but that he dances at all.
The word 'cybernetic' is a lot more apropos.
The word computer professionals use when they mean idiot.
The word ended in a gasp of pain.
The words I am sorry and I am wrong will have totally disappeared from their vocabulary.
The world begins lying about us pretty soon afterward.
The world has grown so suspicious of anything that looks like a happy married life.
The world has many unintentionally cruel mechanisms that are not designed for people who walk on their hands.
The world is coming to an end!
The world is coming to an end.
The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind.
The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
The world is no nursery.
The world is not octal despite DEC.
The world is your exercise-book, the pages on which you do your sums.
The world needs more lerts.
The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.
The world owes you nothing.
The world really isn't any worse.
The world should make a place for shoe salesmen.
The world wants to be cheated, so cheat.
The world wants to be deceived.
The world will end if your message doesn't get through, so post it as many places as you can.
The world will end in 5 minutes.
The world's climates are changing, the mammals are taking over, and we all have a brain about the size of a walnut.
The world's foremost multi-user adventure game.
The world's great men have not commonly been great scholars, nor its great scholars great men.
The world, Lucas said.
The worst actress in the company is always the manager's wife.
The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
The worst is enemy of the bad.
The worst is not so long as we can say This is the worst.
The worst kind of friend to take home is a girl, because in that case, there is the potential that your parents will lose you not just for the duration of the visit but forever.
The worst part of having success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
The worst part of valor is indiscretion.
The worst punishment I ever endured.
The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them, but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
The would be pilot's friends cried out, Please, please take off now!
The writer of the letter asked a civil question; attack cats, then, only if you can do so with good humor, good taste, and in such a way that your answer will be courteous as well as responsive.
The writers elected Gentleman Jim, the Sparrow's P.
The wrong, it seems, is venial.
The years of peak mental activity are undoubtedly between the ages of four and eighteen.
The young felines are now of respectable size, but they nevertheless follow the hen at her cluckings, and are regularly brooded at night beneath her wings.
The young girl took the ugly frog home and placed him beneath her pillow that night when she retired.
The young lady had an unusual list, Linked in part to a structural weakness.
The youngest, however, had the answer: Promise her anything, but give her our page.
The zookeepers were alarmed and immediately began combing the zoo for the escaped animal, unaware that it had simply lain down on the sidewalk and had gone to sleep.
The, uh, snowy mountains are like really cold, eh?
Their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words, user-friendly on the cover.
Their candle gives a single light; They'd rather stay at home at night.
Their conviction results from something deeper than mere gratitude for the computer's conveniences.
Their employment was terminated following a raid in the Midlands in 1967.
Their figures and mine might have balanced, But my wife was too quick on the draw.
Their folks have a lot of explaining to do, if you want my opinion, particularly the mums.
Their hair was long and unkempt and their clothes were wrinkled and old.
Their idea of an offer you can't refuse is an offer.
Their insults are wordy and overblown, but they have talent.
Their inventive gifts are boundless.
Their irritating unwillingness to learn how to do things my way has usually led to my doing things their way; most of the time, they have been right.
Their names come to his lips and he smiles as he tastes them, thinking he knows them in the naming.
Their original pride and joy slowly turned to concern however, for after a couple of years the child had never uttered any form of speech.
Their spirit is great and stimulating.
Their stories are shorter.
Their tastes may not be the same.
Their work will be set back by having that test bed change under them.
Them bats is smart; they use radar.
Then I change a single line of code and the difficulties vanish like puffs of idle smoke.
Then I got mantas that sting in the water, Deadly piranhas that itch for a slaughter, Savage male betas that bite with a squish, Now I have many less tropical fish.
Then I hop right back out, because when I hopped in I landed barefoot right on top of See Threepio, a little plastic robot character from Star Wars whom my son, Robert, likes to pull the legs off of while he showers.
Then I hung out in front of the Dover.
Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.
Then I met a man who had no feet, so I took his shoes.
Then I open the door slowly, take off my shoes, and tiptoe to our room.
Then I ought to have said That's what the song is called'?
Then I realized who was telling me this.
Then I stay, said Dr.
Then I took one out and he ran around in circles.
Then I want you to go out and purchase a vast array of 8-millimeter video equipment.
Then Papa bought some ducks, not wild ducks but, you know, farm ducks.
Then a man said: Speak to us of Expectations.
Then a slightly shorter silence.
Then along came the first Electrical Pioneer, Benjamin Franklin, who flew a kite in a lighting storm and received a serious electrical shock.
Then bind them to a metaphor or three, and take by force a satisfying mesh.
Then change two, then three more, The others went home.
Then delete their name and add yours to the bottom of the list.
Then each user has periods of productive stability, interrupted by bursts of test-bed change.
Then go : illogical statement with your whole family, 'Cause the Supreme Court ain't the only place with : Bus error views.
Then he covered them up with mud except for their heads.
Then he goes grocery shopping.
Then he looked at himself again.
Then he looked at the dog.
Then he paused and asked the killer question, NOW what's the least popular vegetable?
Then he remembered something else.
Then he remembered something.
Then he whispered, You've been chewing this for two years?
Then he will be perfectly sane, and a quite admirable citizen.
Then here's to the City of Boston, The town of the cries and the groans.
Then how do you know it was me?
Then howcome people can sell Microsoft software and go unpunished?
Then if I were you I'd sue my face for slander.
Then it doesn't matter which way you go, said the Cat.
Then it gives the call, 'Hey, look at all this gold, get over here fast.
Then it is that you will be summoned to show the courage of adventurous youth.
Then it kicks me and leaves me for dead.
Then it passes off and I'm as intelligent as ever.
Then it's of external origin?
Then let us not forget its high capacity to soothe and tickel the midriff, its incomparable services as a maker of entertainment.
Then make a wrong guess at the next fact; that's science.
Then may I ask, sir, how I may ask you a question?
Then one night it suddenly hatches, discards its outer skin that crumbles into dust, and emerges as a totally unidentifiable little metal object with flanges at both ends and a sort of ridge and a hole for a screw.
Then one of the men jumped over the counter, but fell to the floor clutching his ankle.
Then shalt thou count to three.
Then she mails the exposed film to a cut rate photo service.
Then she will get on with her life.
Then take it out, peel the metal off and put it where you want.
Then that carp passed it to another carp, and all over the river carp appeared and tossed the wallet back and forth.
Then that night, they burned the wheel.
Then the Lorax and all of his friends may come back!
Then the bird mounts on the wind and, with the blue sky at its back, returns home.
Then the design will never be completed, he said.
Then the heat made O.
Then the officers received another message.
Then the old shaman said carefully, You didn't just see two men go through upside down on a broomstick, shouting and screaming at each other, did you?
Then there was the Formosan bartender named Taiwan-On.
Then there's the story of the man who avoided reality for 70 years with drugs, sex, alcohol, fantasy, TV, movies, records, a hobby, lots of sleep.
Then they came for the Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.
Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew.
Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.
Then they decided, nah, the hell with that, let's build a home center.
Then they end up with a technological disaster like the Tu-144.
Then they grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, et cetera.
Then they had to invent Scotch whiskey to take away the pain and frustration.
Then they would get embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
Then treat each new situation as though it's a crisis.
Then we rushed forward, shouting The WHO!
Then we tried to remove the tusks.
Then we'd get crucified in the morning.
Then what is magic for?
Then world behind and home ahead, We'll wander back to home and bed.
Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?
Then you must accompany him on the piano, said the boy's father, and it will be a sell out.
Then you put the rest of it back on the tray and bite another one and go, Darn it!
Then you'd see the primate teenager stomp up to his branch and slam the leaves.
Then, a redneck went up to Hakuin and vaporized the old Master with his shotgun.
Then, gently touching my face, she hesitated for a moment as her incredible eyes poured forth into mine love, joy, pain, tragedy, acceptance, and peace.
Then, he took off his shirt and she took off her blouse.
Then, if also an S and an I and a G And an HED spell side, There's nothing much left for a speller to do But to go commit siouxeyesighed.
Then, if problems continue, open the third envelope.
Then, on the third day, I heard a knock.
Then, the paper reports The pilots fly out to sea and directly to the penguin colony and overfly it.
Then, using Logo's graphics capabilities, you can work with a friend or relative on this side of the Great Beyond to write programs.
Theorem: All horses have an infinite number of legs.
Theorem: All positive integers are equal.
Theorem: If I can't open these cans, I'll die.
Theorem: a cat has nine tails.
Theoretical physicists think they're mathematicians.
Theory is gray, but the golden tree of life is green.
There Beren came from mountains colds, And lost he wandered under leaves, And where the Elven-river rolled He walked alone and sorrowing.
There ain't no rule that says they got to care.
There appears to be irrefutable evidence that the mere fact of overcrowding induces violence.
There are 188,000 in hospitals, insane asylums, etc.
There are 22 million who are employed by the government, which leaves 19 million to do the work.
There are a few things that never go out of style, and a feminine woman is one of them.
There are a finite number of jokes in the universe.
There are a lot of lies going around.
There are also many highly paid executives.
There are also those who believe that if you stick your fingers up your nose and blow, it will increase your intelligence.
There are always alternatives.
There are an awful lot of people in management who really don't want subordinates to do their best, because it gets to be very threatening.
There are at present no plans to replace it, since it was never really needed in the first place.
There are bugs and then there are bugs.
There are certain things men must do to remain men.
There are few bad musicians who have a chance to give a recital at a famous concert hall while still learning the rudiments of their instrument.
There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure to be thought so.
There are fishes in the sea.
There are four stages to a marriage.
There are honest journalists like there are honest politicians.
There are lumps in it.
There are many examples of outsiders who eventually overthrew entrenched scientific orthodoxies, but they prevailed with irrefutable data.
There are many highly successful businesses in the United States.
There are many intelligent species in the universe, and they all own cats.
There are many of us in this old world of ours who hold that things break about even for all of us.
There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal friend.
There are more dead people than living, and their numbers are increasing.
There are more lawyers than rats.
There are more old drunkards than old doctors.
There are more things in heaven and earth than any place else.
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
There are more ways of killing a cat than choking her with cream.
There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.
There are ninety thousand people in this world who do not think, for every one who does, and these people hate the thinkers like poison.
There are no absolute continuums.
There are no accidents whatsoever in the universe.
There are no answers, only cross references.
There are no answers, only cross-references.
There are no data that cannot be plotted on a straight line if the axis are chosen correctly.
There are no emotional victims, only volunteers.
There are no games on this system.
There are no good ways.
There are no great men, buster.
There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet.
There are no lazy veteran lion hunters.
There are no manifestos like cannon and musketry.
There are no rules for March.
There are no straight lines.
There are no surfaces.
There are no threads in a.
There are no winners in life, only survivors.
There are not as many people actually working as you may have thought.
There are not stars enough in heaven.
There are only two kinds of tequila.
There are only two things in this world that I am sure of, death and taxes, and we just might do something about death one of these days.
There are people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.
There are people who find it odd to eat four or five Chinese meals in a row; in China, I often remind them, there are a billion or so people who find nothing odd about it.
There are permutations and aberrations discernible to minds entirely noble like mine; subtle variations which ordinary accountants fail to discover; hidden laws of number which it requires a mind like mine to perceive.
There are pitchers who would win 20 games a season.
There are places I'll remember All my life though some have changed.
There are running jobs.
There are seven windows in the head, two nostrils, two ears, two eyes, and a mouth; so in the heavens there are two favorable stars, two unpropitious, two luminaries, and Mercury alone undecided and indifferent.
There are skid marks in front of the dog.
There are some good people in it, but the orchestra as a whole is equivalent to a gang bent on destruction.
There are some micro-organisms that exhibit characteristics of both plants and animals.
There are some things worth dying for.
There are still too many people and too many stares, always taunting, always smirking.
There are ten or twenty basic truths, and life is the process of discovering them over and over and over.
There are those who claim that magic is like the tide; that it swells and fades over the surface of the earth, collecting in concentrated pools here and there, almost disappearing from other spots, leaving them parched for wonder.
There are three infallible ways of pleasing an author, and the three form a rising scale of compliment: 1, to tell him you have read one of his books; 2, to tell him you have read all of his books; 3, to ask him to let you read the manuscript of his forthcoming book.
There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.
There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; someone loaded Star Trek 3.
There are three possible parts to a date, of which at least two must be offered: entertainment, food, and affection.
There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and engineers.
There are three reasons for becoming a writer: the first is that you need the money; the second that you have something to say that you think the world should know; the third is that you can't think what to do with the long winter evenings.
There are three rules for writing a novel.
There are three schools of magic.
There are three things men can do with women: love them, suffer for them, or turn them into literature.
There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is one of them.
There are too many bad ones.
There are too many women in the world to justify that sort of dishonourable behaviour.
There are twelve inches in a ruler.
There are twenty-five people left in the world, and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
There are two jazz musicians who are great buddies.
There are two kinds of fool.
There are two kinds of pedestrians.
There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: passive systems collect the sunlight that hits your home, and active systems collect the sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX.
There are two problems with a major hangover.
There are two types of Linux developers - those who can spell, and those who can't.
There are two types of people in this world, good and bad.
There are two ways of constructing a software design.
There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
There are worse things in life than death.
There are, in fact, whole neighborhoods that are zoned only for blond people.
There be sober men a'plenty, and drunkards barely twenty; there are men of over ninety who have never yet kissed a girl.
There behind the glass there's a real blade of grass, Be careful as you pass, move along, move along.
There but for the grace of God, goes God.
There can be no daily democracy without daily citizenship.
There can be no twisted thought without a twisted molecule.
There cannot be a crisis next week.
There comes a time in the affairs of a man when he has to take the bull by the tail and face the situation.
There comes a time to stop being angry.
There comes to all races an ultimate crisis which you have yet to face.
There goes the good time that was had by all.
There had been a fight.
There has also been some work to allow the interesting use of macro names.
There has been a hot day in December and a blue moon.
There has been a little distress selling on the stock exchange.
There has been a recent population explosion of lerts.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
There has been some confusion concerning MAPCAR.
There have been dozens of well-designed tests all around the world, and astrology has failed every one of them.
There is Jackson standing like a stone wall.
There is a Massachusetts law requiring all dogs to have their hind legs tied during the month of April.
There is a building with four floors.
There is a certain frame of mind to which a cemetery is, if not an antidote, at least an alleviation.
There is a certain impertinence in allowing oneself to be burned for an opinion.
There is a constant pitched battle between the two.
There is a difference, and this is a difference, we might say, between prejudice and postjudice.
There is a fly on your nose.
There is a good deal of solemn cant about the common interests of capital and labour.
There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
There is a multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.
There is a natural hootchy-kootchy to a goldfish.
There is a sense of harmony about such an accomplishment, the Peace brought by something worth-while.
There is a simple memory aid that you can use to determine whether it is the correct time to order chocolate dishes: any month whose name contains the letter A, E, or U is the proper time for chocolate.
There is a slight loss of parity.
There is a sort of rough justice, is there not?
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here, it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable.
There is a time in the tides of men, Which, taken at its flood, leads on to success.
There is a vast difference between the savage and civilized man, but it is never apparent to their wives until after breakfast.
There is always an easier way to do it.
There is always an official executioner.
There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling somebody out.
There is always someone worse off than yourself.
There is always something new out of Africa.
There is an exception to all laws.
There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
There is an old custom among my people.
There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty.
There is an order of things in this universe.
There is another theory which states that this has already happened.
There is brutality and there is honesty.
There is hardly a thing in the world that some man can not make a little worse and sell a little cheaper.
There is hopeful symbolism in the fact that flags do not wave in a vacuum.
There is in certain living souls A quality of loneliness unspeakable, So great it must be shared As company is shared by lesser beings.
There is is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home.
There is literally a world of difference between Poland - even in its present state of collapse - and Soviet society at the peak of its glasnost.
There is more simplicity in the man who eats caviar on impulse than in the man who eats Grape-Nuts on principle.
There is more to life than increasing its speed.
There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
There is never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.
There is no Father Christmas.
There is no act of treachery or mean-ness of which a political party is not capable; for in politics there is no honour.
There is no better way of exercising the imagination than the study of law.
There is no bottom to worse.
There is no character, howsoever good and fine, but it can be destroyed by ridicule, howsoever poor and witless.
There is no choice before us.
There is no comfort without pain; thus we define salvation through suffering.
There is no cure for birth and death other than to enjoy the interval.
There is no dark side of the moon.
There is no delight the equal of dread.
There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.
There is no distinctly American criminal class except Congress.
There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
There is no doubt that my lawyer is honest.
There is no education that is not political.
There is no fear in love; but perfect love casteth out fear.
There is no fool to the old fool.
There is no free lunch.
There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
There is no greater mistake than to call arithmetic an exact science.
There is no grief which time does not lessen and soften.
There is no heavier burden than a great potential.
There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
There is no known cure.
There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
There is no more powerful ally one can claim in a debate than Jesus Christ, or God, or Allah, or whatever one calls this supreme being.
There is no music in space.
There is no need to do any housework at all.
There is no need to touch the lines, he said.
There is no opinion so absurd that some philosopher will not express it.
There is no other employee with whom I can adequately compare him.
There is no other way for us.
There is no point in paying other people to screw things up when you can easily screw them up yourself for far less money.
There is no point in waiting.
There is no position on which people are so immovable as their religious beliefs.
There is no problem a good miracle can't solve.
There is no proverb that is not true.
There is no realizable power that man cannot, in time, fashion the tools to attain, nor any power so secure that the naked ape will not abuse it.
There is no religion in the world that has any other basis than hearsay evidence.
There is no royal road to geometry.
There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
There is no satisfaction in hanging a man who does not object to it.
There is no security on this earth.
There is no sense in asking anyone to read aloud anymore, as everbody speaks in such a low voice I can hardly hear them.
There is no separate soul or lifeforce to stick a finger into the brain now and then and make neural cells do what they would not otherwise.
There is no sin but ignorance.
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.
There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
There is no such thing as a fun salad.
There is no such thing as a houseplant.
There is no such thing as a problem without a gift for you in its hands.
There is no such thing as brutal honesty.
There is no such thing as fortune.
There is no such thing as inner peace.
There is no time like the present for postponing what you ought to be doing.
There is not much to choose between a woman who deceives us for another, and a woman who deceives another for ourselves.
There is nothing good in war.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary building.
There is nothing more permanent than a temporary tax.
There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
There is nothing new except what has been forgotten.
There is nothing new under the sun, but there are lots of old things we don't know yet.
There is nothing so deadly as not to hold up to people the opportunity to do great and wonderful things, if we wish to stimulate them in an active way.
There is nothing so easy but that it becomes difficult when you do it reluctantly.
There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who comes to visit.
There is nothing which cannot be answered by means of my doctrine, said a monk, coming into a teahouse where Nasrudin sat.
There is nothing wrong with Southern California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure.
There is nothing wrong with abstinence, in moderation.
There is nothing wrong with writing.
There is now, came the reply.
There is only nervousness or death.
There is only one solution, he says.
There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
There is only one way to console a widow.
There is only one word for aid that is genuinely without strings, and that word is blackmail.
There is only opportunity.
There is perhaps in every thing of any consequence, secret history, which it would be amusing to know, could we have it authentically communicated.
There is something fascinating about science.
There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.
There is something you must understand about the Soviet system.
There is such a fine line between genius and stupidity.
There is very little future in being right when your boss is wrong.
There is, in fact, no reason to believe that any given natural phenomenon, however marvelous it may seem today, will remain forever inexplicable.
There is, indeed, no wild beast more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate.
There may be an arsenal of cracks and malware, but nobody ever uses them.
There may be no excuse for laziness, but I'm sure looking.
There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who constantly divide the people of the world into two classes and those who do not.
There may be telnet, rlogin, and ftp, but these don't access any hosts.
There might be a law against it by that time.
There must be at least 500,000,000 rats in the United States; of course, I never heard the story before.
There must be more to life than having everything.
There must be some mistake, he said, are you not a greater computer than the Milliard Gargantubrain which can count all the atoms in a star in a millisecond?
There must be some mistake, the salesman said.
There never was a good war or a bad peace.
There on terminal number 9, Waitin' here in CERAS-land.
There once was a Sailor who looked through a glass And spied a fair mermaid with scales on her.
There once was a man who went to a computer trade show.
There once was a master programmer who wrote unstructured programs.
There once was this swami who lived above a delicatessan.
There remains the possibility that it may someday be valuable again.
There sat his lover with an infant on her lap!
There seems no plan because it is all plan.
There seems to be universal acceptance of that idea in the nation.
There shall be shown a token That Doom is near at hand, For Isildur's Bane shall waken, And the Halfling forth shall stand.
There should be a process for them to challenge any inaccuracies.
There should be neither too little nor too much, neither needless loops nor useless variables, neither lack of structure nor overwhelming rigidity.
There was a Frenchman who talked funny and a greenhorn from England who was a fancy-pants but when it came to the crunch he was all courage.
There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
There was a college student trying to earn some pocket money by going from house to house offering to do odd jobs.
There was a computer in every doorknob.
There was a fantastic universal sense that whatever we were doing was right, that we were winning.
There was a little girl Who had a little curl Right in the middle of her forehead.
There was a long silence.
There was a look of terrible sadness in her eyes.
There was a phone call for you.
There was a time they could cry over books, But time has set its maggot on their track.
There was a vague, unpleasant manginess about his appearence; he somehow seemed dirty, though a close glance showed him as carefully shaven as an actor, and clad in immaculate linen.
There was a writer in 'Life' magazine.
There was a young girl on the street and he conceived the idea of asking her where he had moved to, saying, Excuse me, perhaps you know me.
There was an interesting development in the CBS-Westmoreland trial: both sides agreed that after the trial, Andy Rooney would be allowed to talk to the jury for three minutes about little things that annoyed him during the trial.
There was an old Indian belief that by making love on the hide of their favorite animal, one could guarantee the health and prosperity of the offspring conceived thereupon.
There was energy, softness, grace and laughter.
There was first a game of blindman's buff.
There was just a moment of silence before the woman proceeded bravely on.
There was madness in any direction, at any hour.
There was no difference between the behavior of a god and the operations of pure chance.
There was nothing I hated more than to see a filthy old drunkie, a howling away at the sons of his father and going blurp blurp in between as if it were a filthy old orchestra in his stinking rotten guts.
There was nothing savage in the act, although the knife was large and keen; it was a piece of art, high art; there was delicacy of touch, clearness of tone, skilful handling of the subject, fine shading.
There was once a man who, not being able to find any other fault with his coal, complained that there were too many prehistoric toads in it.
There was once a programmer who was attached to the court of the warlord of Wu.
There was once a programmer who worked upon microprocessors.
There was this New Yorker that had a lifelong ambition to be an Texan.
There was, it appeared, a mysterious rite of initiation through which, in one way or another, almost every member of the team passed.
There will always be beer cans rolling on the floor of your car when the boss asks for a lift home from the office.
There will be a convention held in the Women's Club which is strictly for Men.
There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
There would be a great increase in broken arms, legs, and necks, and simultaneously an appreciable diminution in the loss to humanity.
There you go man, Keep as cool as you can.
There'll be Italian shoes for me!
There'll be good times again for me and you, But we just can't stay together, don't you feel it too?
There'll be no one left to blame us.
There's BIGGER DEALS to come!
There's a VW Bug in your driveway.
There's a bad moon on the rise.
There's a couple of million dollars worth of baseball talent on the loose, ready for the big leagues, yet unsigned by any major league.
There's a fine line between courage and foolishness.
There's a footprint in the mayo.
There's a knob called brightness, but it doesn't seem to work.
There's a lot to be said for not saying a lot.
There's a provision in the Constitution that says you can't close your borders to interstate commerce, and garbage is a form of interstate commerce.
There's a singular and a perpetual charm in a letter of yours; it never grows old, it never loses its novelty.
There's a thrill in store for all for we're about to toast The corporation that we represent.
There's a trick to the Graceful Exit.
There's a way out of any cage.
There's a whole WORLD in a mud puddle!
There's always been Tower of Babel sort of bickering inside Unix, but this is the most extreme form ever.
There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.
There's always one more bug.
There's amnesia in a hangknot, And comfort in the ax, But the simple way of poison will make your nerves relax.
There's an old proverb that says just about whatever you want it to.
There's enough money here to buy 5000 cans of Noodle-Roni!
There's good news and bad news.
There's got to be a better way.
There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.
There's just something I don't like about Virginia; the state.
There's lotsa beers and doughnuts for everyone, eh?
There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
There's no easy quick way out, we're gonna have to live through our whole lives, win, lose, or draw.
There's no future in time travel.
There's no heavier burden than a great potential.
There's no honorable way to kill, no gentle way to destroy.
There's no justice in this world.
There's no place like home.
There's no point in being grown up if you can't be childish sometimes.
There's no saint like a reformed sinner.
There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know what you're talking about.
There's no sense in trying to learn Martian over the phone.
There's no such thing as a free lunch.
There's no such thing as an original sin.
There's no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
There's no time like the pleasant.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you.
There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.
There's not even a suggestion of a solid.
There's nothing foolish in loving anyone.
There's nothing in the middle of the road but yellow stripes and dead armadillos.
There's nothing like a girl with a plunging neckline to keep a man on his toes.
There's nothing like good food, good wine, and a bad girl.
There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
There's nothing remarkable about it.
There's nothing sadder.
There's nothing that I wouldn't do If you would be my POSSLQ.
There's nothing there.
There's nothing to it.
There's nothing to writing.
There's nothing very mysterious about you, except that nobody really knows your origin, purpose, or destination.
There's nothing worse for your business than extra Santa Clauses smoking in the men's room.
There's nothing wrong with teenagers that reasoning with them won't aggravate.
There's one consolation about matrimony.
There's one fool at least in every married couple.
There's only one everything.
There's only one kind of woman.
There's only one way to have a happy marriage and as soon as I learn what it is I'll get married again.
There's small choice in rotten apples.
There's so little hope for advancement.
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
There's so much pollution in the air now that if it weren't for our lungs there'd be no place to put it all.
There's so much to say but your eyes keep interrupting me.
There's something the technicians need to learn from the artists.
There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
There's terribly little gets done.
There's too much beauty upon this earth for lonely men to bear.
There's two footprints in the mayo.
There's very little call for those up there.
There, that ought to patch it.
There, that's it: 24 words.
Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
Therefore fire engines are red.
Therefore it came as a great shock to them when, just as their journey was ending, he abruptly wore out.
Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
Therefore the Guru programs without doing anything and teaches without saying anything.
Therefore you have few friends.
Therefore you must contemplate the Tao before you receive enlightenment.
Therefore, Alexander the Great had an infinite number of arms.
Therefore, I affirm both.
Therefore, Space and Time are the Yin and Yang of programming.
Therefore, a cat has nine tails.
Therefore, a man without a woman is like a bicycle without a fish.
Therefore, all horses are black.
Therefore, all men are Socrates.
Therefore, each factory needing keyboards, no matter how few, manufactures them completely, even molding the keypads.
Therefore, grab for a piece of the pie, with whatever proposals you can conceive of to try.
Therefore, horses have an infinite number of legs.
Therefore, horses must have an infinite number of legs.
Therefore, if you can't get them together again, there must be a reason.
Therefore, laughing at evil means not preparing oneself to combat it, and laughing at good means denying the power through which good is self-propagating.
Therefore, users tend to create numerous files using large amounts of file space.
Therefore, when the wise mediator effects a compromise, he is not acting from political motivation.
Therefore, you'd think that colleges which train the bright young women who're going to marry the bright young men who are going to own the Cadillacs that roar back and forth across this continent would teach the girls to read maps.
These are great mysteries.
These are the inheritors of the Universe!
These are the sort of people who want to appear wiser than the laws, who want to get their own way in every general discussion, because they feel that they cannot show off their intelligence in matters of greater importance, and who, as a result, very often bring ruin on their country.
These are the things I learned: Share everything.
These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise.
These are your hammers, maces, bludgeons, and truncheons.
These be the words that tell the way: Here he lies who piped 64K, Brought down the machine for nearly a day, And Rogue playing to an awful standstill.
These can also be applied to non-physical objects, such as data structures.
These days the necessities of life cost you about three times what they used to, and half the time they aren't even fit to drink.
These days, she say, I feel my life just like a river running through The Year of the Cat.
These days, though, you have to be pretty technical before you can even aspire to crudeness.
These economic downturns are very difficult to predict, but sophisticated econometric modeling houses like Data Resources and Chase Econometrics have successfully predicted 14 of the last 3 recessions.
These four plus four more begin to represent a creative meeting, and the ratio changes to one quarter as many.
These generally go for six hundred thousand.
These get stored away to be used next time.
These good people feel that there is an almost indecent nakedness, a reversion to barbarism, in saying No news is good news instead of The absence of intelligence is an indication of satisfactory developments.
These have always looked out of their windows when the shot was fired, and have noticed the accused person standing peacefully on his balcony a few yards away.
These laws were written down sometime in the 13th century, but date back even down into Viking times.
These leaders gush over Gorbachev, hoping to do business with the Soviet Union or appease it.
These men are better than I'd thought.
These observations should be confined to persons of middle age.
These people are the victims of their own stereotypes.
These people love fast cars.
These restrictions were and are reasonable for places that just want to run the system, but don't allow many of the things that Minix was written for, like study of the source in classes, or by individuals not in a university or company.
These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
These times, those times.
These two plus two more will produce half again as many ideas.
These virtues awakened Confidence and enabled you to handle Bigger Propositions.
They Went In People and Came Out Hamburger!
They all fought amongst themselves and each went about their own way.
They all had their day What's a young poet to do?
They all sit down, flap their arms and make jet swooshing sounds as if they are flying.
They all spoke different languages.
They also serve who only stand and wait.
They also surf who only stand on waves.
They amble up to your camp site, and their attitude is: We're wild horses.
They are a disgusting Americanism, and can only result in the farmers being forced to grow smaller potatoes, which in turn will cause massive un- employment in the already severely depressed agricultural industry.
They are a very effective method for demonstrating excitement, and can also spice up an otherwise plain-looking sentence!
They are alive within the Tao.
They are all alike founded on fables and mythology.
They are called computers simply because computation is the only significant job that has so far been given to them.
They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.
They are cut way below the ankles, have pictures of clouds on them, and have a big fuzzy ball on the back.
