Better to think about cucumbers even, than not to think at all.
Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
Better tried by twelve than carried by six.
Better, probably, because you haven't had four beers.
Betty McCollister, Our Transitional Species, Free Inquiry magazine, Vol.
Between 1950 and 1952, a bored weatherman, stationed north of Hudson Bay, left a monument that neither government nor time can eradicate.
Between grand theft and a legal fee, there only stands a law degree.
Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
Between our quests We sequin vests And impersonate Clark Gable It's a busy life in Camelot.
Between thre and fiv tran.
Between yourself and me.
Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes, and not rather a new wearer of clothes.
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
Beware of computerized fortune-tellers!
Beware of friends who are false and deceitful.
Beware of geeks bearing graft.
Beware of low-flying butterflies.
Beware of programmers carrying screwdrivers.
Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a drip under pressure.
Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.
Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before, Bokonon tells us.
Beware of the solution that requires one side to be totally the loser and the other side to be totally the winner.
Beware the Hopatcong, my son!
Beware the Jabberstock, my son!
Beware the Jabberwock, my son!
Beware the broken pipe, and shun The frumious system crash!
Beware the new TTY code!
Beware the one behind you.
Beware the quantum duck!
Beware the software rot, my son!
Beware, scant days past the Ides of July.
Beyerstein, The Brain and Consciousness: Implications for Psi Phenomena, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol.
Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
Big M, Little M, many mumbling mice Are making midnight music in the moonlight, Mighty nice!
Big Mac, fries and a Coke, please!
Big business never pays a nickel in taxes, according to Ralph Nader, who represents a big consumer organization that never pays a nickel in taxes.
Big fish alone escape from thee!
Bigamy is having one spouse too many.
Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
Bill Dickey, Josh Gibson.
Bill, Your brain no longer functions.
Billy proudly stood up and announced, My daddy plays piano in a whorehouse.
Billy's father answered the door.
Billy's father replied, Well, I'm really an attorney.
Bingo, gas station, hamburger with a side order of airplane noise, and you'll be Gary, Indiana.
Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
Biochemists think they're chemists.
Biologists differ only with respect to theories about how the process operates.
Biologists think they're biochemists.
Biology grows on you.
Biology is the only science in which multiplication means the same thing as division.
Birds and bees have as much to do with the facts of life as black nightgowns do with keeping warm.
Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
Birds of a feather flock to a newly washed car.
Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.
Bistromathics is simply a revolutionary new way of understanding the behavior of numbers.
Bit off more than my mind could chew, Shower or suicide, what do I do?
Bite the wax tadpole.
Bizarreness is the essence of the exotic.
Black shiny mollies and bright colored guppies, Shy little angels as gentle as puppies, Swimming and diving with scarcely a swish, They were just some of my tropical fish.
Blackmail a senior executive.
Blaise Pascal, your programs will be run at half speed.
Blast medicine anyway!
Blend all together until creamy with no lumps.
Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders.
Blessed are the young, for they shall inherit the national debt.
Blessed are they that have nothing to say, and who cannot be persuaded to say it.
Blessed are they who Go Around in Circles, for they Shall be Known as Wheels.
Blessed be those who initiate lively discussions with the hopelessly mute, for they shall be know as Dentists.
Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it, for he shall enjoy living.
Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
Blew up when we turned it on.
Blind, masochistic minority, crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey.
Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
Blow it out your ear.
Blue skies from pain?
Bo Derek ruined my life!
Bob Hope as The Waiter.
Bob Specas' attempt to topple 100,000 dominoes at the Manhattan Center, New York on 9 June 1978.
Bob has lost his keys in a room which is dark except for one brightly lit corner.
Body by Nautilus, Brain by Mattel.
Boil for three hours, pricking regularly all over.
Bond reflected that good Americans were fine people and that most of them seemed to come from Texas.
Bondage maybe, discipline never!
Boola boola Pensacoola hullabaloo!
Booth proved that it was by the simple expedient of kneeling down, pursing his lips and sucking the back of an armchair.
Born under one law, to another bound.
Boston State House is the hub of the Solar System.
Bostonians pronounce the word for a female child.
Both make one feel like a baby clutching at a basketball: one's palms keep sliding off.
Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and interface circuit details.
Both those things sound pretty good to me.
Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
Bowie-knives, we cordially recommend our Sacramento climate and Sacramento surgery.
Boy gets another beer.
Boy, I'd do anything for one of those Rolls-Royces, she said.
Boy, am I glad it's only 1971.
Boy, get your head out of the stars above, You get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Boy, life takes a long time to live.
Boy, that crayon sure did hurt!
Boyce, he hangs on to it, puts it on his legal stationery, even passes it to his son, rather than do what a lesser person would do, such as get it changed or kill himself.
Boys are beyond the range of anybody's sure understanding, at least when they are between the ages of 18 months and 90 years.
Boys marry because of a chronic irritation that causes them to gravitate in the direction of objects with certain curvilinear properties.
Boys will be boys, and so will a lot of middle-aged men.
Boys, you have ALL been selected to LEAVE th' PLANET in 15 minutes!
Bozo is the Brotherhood of Zips and Others.
Bozos are people who band together for fun and profit.
Brahma said: Well, after hearing ten thousand explanations, a fool is no wiser.
Brain damage is all in your head.
Brandy Davis, an outfielder and teammate of mine with the Pittsburgh Pirates, is my choice for team captain.
Brandy-and-water spoils two good things.
Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
Break RITZ Crackers coarsely into pastry-lined plate.
Break into jail and claim police brutality.
Breakfast at the Egg House, Like the waffle on the griddle, I'm burnt around the edges, But I'm tender in the middle.
Breakfast in London, dinner in New York, luggage in Brazil.
Breaking seal constitutes acceptance of agreement.
Breast Feeding should not be attempted by fathers with hairy chests, since they can make the baby sneeze and give it wind.
Breathe deep the gathering gloom.
Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.
Brian Kernighan has an automobile which he helped design.
Brian Kerrighan, Advisor.
Briefly, this consists of four fermentation and storage tanks connected in series by an intricate network of flexible plumbing.
Brigands will demand your money or your life, but a woman will demand both.
Bring a friend, if you have one.
Bring me back an orange.
Bring me my arrows of desire!
Bring me my bow of burning gold!
Bring me my chariot of fire!
Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.
Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers.
British aircraft carrier in the Formosa Straits.
British convertible tops leak water, British engines leak oil, British displacer units leak hydrostatic fluid, and I might add Brititsh tires leak air, and the British defense unit leaks secrets.
British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive it.
British electronics leak smoke.
British wife, and eat American food.
Brother, here we go again.
Bruce Perens in response to Linus Torvalds's mailing about a kernel bug.
Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.
Buddha-nature or not.
Bug reports now amount to an average of 12,853 per day.
Build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.
Building translators is good clean fun.
Built to take on the world.
Bullets Can't Kill Them!
Bulls do not win bull fights; people do.
Bureaucracy is the enemy of innovation.
Burned his lips on the exhaust pipe.
Burning at the stake with all the modern improvements.
Business will be either better or worse.
But Edison's greatest achievement came in 1879, when he invented the electric company.
But Herr Mozart, you were writing symphonies when you were 8 years old.
But I always fired into the nearest hill or, failing that, into blackness.
But I am persuaded that such behavior on the part of the representatives of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal.
But I can hear it bray, over there.
But I do believe I am a glowworm.
But I do have a most splendid skin from one of Pharoah's own cattle.
But I do say meet it as a friend, for you'll see a lot of it and you had better be on speaking terms with it.
But I don't like Spam!
But I don't mind the swelling.
But I don't want to go on the cart.
But I dream things that never were; and I say Why not?
But I feel sad for anyone who thinks that alt.
But I find the old notions somehow appealing.
But I have no abilities, desires, or imagination, Master, the scholar sobbed.
But I heard him laugh and then I heard him cuss, And he went for his gun, but I pulled mine first, And he sat there lookin' at me, and I saw him smile.
But I made me a vow to the moon and the stars, I'd search the honkey tonks and the bars, And kill the man that give me that awful name.
But I never asked anybody how.
But I said, Dear Doctor, I think that it is you instead.
But I still have checks left!
But I try not to think with my gut.
But I want you to know that there's always a chance for us.
But I was there and I saw what you did, I saw it with my own two eyes.
But I will trick those dirty skunks And write a brand new poem called 'Trunks'.
But I would not engage the wombat In any form of mortal combat.
But I would rather, by far, die on a mountainside than in bed.
But I wouldn't consider it.
But I'd be delighted to sell you a necktie.
But I'd rather have a bottle in front of me, Than to have to have a frontal lobotomy.
But I'm a physical organic chemist!
But I'm feeling much better.
But I'm glad for what we had and that I once loved you.
But I'm sick and tired of being told that I am.
But I'm waitin' in the queue, How I miss a good meal so.
But Ken says, WOO-WOO!
But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!
But Rabshakeh said unto them, Hath my master sent me to thy master, and to thee, to speak these words?
But Richard and I were not many people.
But a Super Programmer, oblivious to fear.
But a collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones is a house.
But a diamond is a diamond even if there are no customers.
But a handy draft of poison avoids the harshest tax.
But a third couple, whose favorite animal was a hippopotamus, were blessed with not one, but TWO very healthy baby sons at the conclusion of the nine month interval.
But above all, try something.
But all will agree on a proposition that they possess profound spiritual resources.
But an authentic soothsayer should be shot on sight.
But an idea can't be seen or felt.
But an intelligent man needs only two thousand five hundred.
But an otter never ots.
But are they grateful?
But are you not, he said, a more fiendish disputant than the Great Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler of Ciceronicus Twelve, the Magic and Indefatigable?
But as he was walking along a Hamilton path, he met the traveling salesman.
But as records of courts of justice are admissible, it can easily be proved that powerful and malevolent magicians once existed and were a scourge to mankind.
But as soon as the human animal who asked himself this question emerged, he plunged himself and his descendants into an eternity of doubt and brooding, speculation and truth-seeking that has goaded him through the centures as reelentlessly as hunger or sexual longing.
But as we all know, tomorrow never comes!
But as you see the trees have gone They went this morning with the dawn.
But at the outer edges, this skepticism about science easily turns into a kind of naive acceptance of nonscience, or even nonsense.
But at the same time, it's what I do best.
But attaining a desired goal always is.
But bear in mind that your opinion of cats was not sought, only your services as a speaker.
But because Tubby does such a fine job of racing around parking lots with a large butterfly net retrieving floating IC chips, Xerox decided to give him a break.
But because it combines all of these things, people think it one of the gods!
But before we get into specific techniques, let's look at how plumbing works.
But by then the investment was so big they felt compelled to go on.
But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee, When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?
But do I see less or more?
But do not program in COBOL if you can avoid it.
But don't you get square!
But don't you see, the color of wine in a crystal glass can be spiritual.
But electrical problems are rarely consistently reproducible.
But even well-educated Christians are frustrated in their thirst for certainty about the beloved figure of Jesus because of the undeniable ambiguity of the scriptural record.
But flowers work almost as well.
But give me the rambling rover, from Orkney down to Dover, we will roam the whole world over, and together we'll face the world.
But glory doesn't mean 'a nice knock-down argument', Alice objected.
But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity.
But harder than stone is the flesh and bone Of a troll that sits in the hills alone.
But he built tetrahedral in his shape, His ions ferric, Love could not help but die, Uncatylised, inert, and undernourished.
But he cursed me when I proved to him I said, Not even you can hide.
But he soon realized that in order to mass produce this serum he would need large amounts of a certain compound that was only found in nature in the metabolism of a rare South American bird.
But he was lean and tough like a bad rib-eye and he fought the bull.
But he was very stiff and proud, They sent an answer back to me.
But he who knows he knows nothing knows something.
But how about a quarter a point on the side to make it interesting?
But how do you explain a thing like that to a seven-year-old child?
But how will I know when I have received enlightenment?
But however the selection process works, the result is indisputable: This time it will surely run, or I just found the last bug.
But if I do, don't pity me at all, Just lay my bones in the study hall.
But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
But if Mike, Dave, Rob and Jack go out for a brewsky, they will affectionately refer to each other as Bullet-Head, Godzilla, Peanut Brain and Useless.
But if National Geographic were to publish an article entitled The Girls of the California Junior College System Hunt the Wildebeest Naked, some people would call it pornography.
But if everything you say is a lie, then you are telling the truth.
But if it brought some passing fancy to some lowly humans as they haphazardly pranced their way through life's mournful jungle, then so be it.
But if it had to perish twice, I think I know enough of hate To say that for destruction, ice Is also great And would suffice.
But if it isn't, where did the idea come from, to torture and unsettle us?
But if successful, you join the elite sodality that spends hours unpurifying the dialect of the tribe with arcane talk of bits and bytes, RAMS and ROMS, hard disks and baud rates.
But if we laugh with derision, we will never understand.
But if you have a woman as a friend, you're going to wind up drunk and kissing your dog.
But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable nowdays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study.
But if you're searching for something you don't already know, your fingers could walk themselves to death.
But in Alabama the Tuscaloosa, but that is totally irrelephant to what I was saying.
But in most parts of the country today, the reluctance to have government is still strong.
But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
But in spite of it all, I'm able to grin, And think of the places my get-up has been.
But in today's technical vastness of the future, we can guess that surely things were much different.
But is drug testing in fact rationally related to the resurrection of competitiveness?
But is it not true, that you had something in YOUR hand?
But is that too high a price to pay for world peace?
But it happens every day.
But it is equally important to accept and tolerate different standards of courtesy, not expecting everyone else to adapt to one's own preferences.
But it is important also to see that we have not reached that day yet: the working assumption is a necessary one and there is no real evidence opposed to it.
But it is only fair to warn you that of the 300 guys who switched to them in 1966, only two went back to women.
But it is permissible to make a judgment after you have examined the evidence.
But it is the universal weakness of mankind that what we are given to administer we presently imagine we own.
But it isn't like that at all.
But it may have a goal.
But it takes Murphy's law to explain why it is happening to you.
But it's OK to put your feet in it and swish them around a little.
But it's a question of congruence: precision and flexibility may be just as disfunctional in novel, uncertain situations as sloppiness and vacillation are in familiar, well-defined ones.
But it's not what I really want to do.
But it's too late baby.
But it's what I want to do.
But just as I'm about to slide into bed, she always wakes up and gives me hell.
But just as he thought his dinner was caught, He found his hands had hold of naught.
But knowledge alone is not sufficient for some applications; wisdom is needed as well.
But lawyers do not give us law.
But let this not blind you to what virtue there is; many persons strive for linearity and everywhere papers are full of approximations.
But let's hear from the chemist.
But like any powerful weapon, the use of God's name on one's behalf should be used sparingly.
But like the Good Book says.
But long ago he rode away, and where he dwelleth none can say; for into darkness fell his star in Mordor where the shadows are.
But man forgets reality and remembers words.
But many times We eat ham and jam and Spam a lot.
But neither before breakfast.
But nobody believes he's going to be president anymore.
But not to Mississippoli, But first, send the Marines!
But now I can't remember WHO he is.
But now I see nothing.
But now I think a thought that brings me hope: Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
But now and then there's nothing left to do but hit the other person over the head with a frying pan.
But now it was time to hang up the cue.
But now the little man had another problem.
But obviously it cannot be where it is not.
But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send, Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
But of all these friends and lovers, There is no one compared with you, All these memories lose their meaning When I think of love as something new.
But of what use is your research?
But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast to the nearest gas station.
But oh, good Lord, the verse you make, It gives a chap the belly-ache.
But on the other side, it didn't say nothing, That side was made for you and me.
But one creature said at last, I trust that the current knows where it is going.
But one day, after many years together, I lay there on our bed recovering from a slight illness.
But one must go on trying.
But others would not.
But please don't ask me to help.
But please don't let that get you down, the renown of your gown is the talk of the town.
But rather less than more.
But remember the risk.
But scientists, who ought to know Assure us that it must be so.
But seek the road which makes death a fulfillment.
But she can never catch him at it.
But she really worked me over good, She was just like Jesse James.
But should a fat swine try to soar like a loon, So what?
But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?
But since we weren't sure whether it was OK to name our protocol after this popular television and movie star, we pretended that KERMIT was an acronym; unfortunately, we could never find a good set of words to go with the letters, as readers of some of our early source code can attest.
But so far, the whole country is like a concentration camp.
But some time later, When I feel a little straighter, I'll come across a stranger Who'll remind me of the danger, And then.
But son, do not bet this man, for you will end up with a ear full of cider.
But staking him out on an anthill should be reserved for the very wittiest.
But tell me, how come the pig has three wooden legs?
But that can't make the queue move fast.
But that group doesn't exist, so cross-post to news.
But that won't let people know who it is protested the lawyer.
But that would make it the truth!
But the Church soon made its peace with Galileo's cosmology.
But the Times might have enough room on the jump page to include a line or so that says something like: When he finished his speech, Muskie burst into tears and seized his campaign manager by the side of the neck.
But the changes need to be quantized.
But the conjunction Walter's horse exists, and it could be that Walter's horse has wings still does not imply Walter's horse is a thing that could have wings, for perhaps it can only be that Walter's horse has wings by Walter having a different horse.
But the dog did nothing in the nighttime.
But the drum-beat strains of the night remain in the rhythm of the new-born day.
But the fact is, they're not selling.
But the fly was too clever for him and said, I never light where I don't see other flies and I don't see any other flies in your house.
But the greatest Electrical Pioneer of them all was Thomas Edison, who was a brilliant inventor despite the fact that he had little formal education and lived in New Jersey.
But the hospital supplies a special booklet that lists hundreds of first names and their meanings, said the orderly.
But the instinct can be fought.
But the man merely wandered from booth to booth, humming quietly to himself.
But the man who should have turned the pages played the violin.
But the merry ring of the voice of spring Is borne upon the breeze.
But the mill ground so fast that boat and miller and machine were sunk together, and down below, the mill still went on grinding and that's why the sea is salt.
But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.
But the only number that is both even and odd is infinity.
But the only number that is both odd and even is infinity.
But the only one that preserves both sides.
But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
But the sky knows the reasons and the patterns behind all clouds, and you will know, too, when you lift yourself high enough to see beyond horizons.
But the south-east Victorian town of Sale has produced one to top them all.
But the two programmers remained friends until the end of their days.
But the wisdom of our ancestors is in the simile; and my unhallowed hands shall not disturb it, or the Country's done for.
But then I just take a deep breath and forget about it.
But then again, don't we all?
But then comes the marvel of the Minneapple summer.
But then some people are terrified to be seen carrying a modern screen magazine.
But then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window.
But then, he never claimed not to be a god.
But there are no certainties.
But there are sixty-year-old men, believe it or not, and women even older, who might wake up in the night screaming.
But there is a kind of Gresham's Law by which in popular culture the bad science drives out the good.
But there it was, an annoyed wombat, trapped in a telephone booth.
But there was also a terrible betrayal that lay within me like a Merle Haggard song at a French restaurant.
But these assumptions do not lead to the notion, often uncritically embraced by strict Darwinians, that all major capacities of the brain must arise as direct products of natural selection.
But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
But they cried the more, Saviour!
But they didn't imply that you were to be impractical and refuse to take twice the value for a house if a buyer was such an idiot that he didn't force you down on the asking price.
But they laughed at me; they said I had made it up.
But they love sport too and no passing encounter goes unchallenged.
But they went to MARS around 1953!
But they're gonna have to fight for it.
But this economy of ours is not so simple that it obeys to the opinion of bias or the pronouncements of any particular individual, even to the President.
But this has taken us far afield from interface, which is not a bad place to be, since I particularly want to move ahead to the kludge.
But this is nothing to worry about unless you have carpeting.
But this one goes to eleven.
But this time, it isn't funny.
But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow enobled and no-one dare criticise it.
But to be brutally frank, women as a group have a long way to go before they reach the level of intensity and dedication to sports that enables men to be such incredible jerks about it.
But to have a pig soar when the monsoon doth roar Cast even more perils before swine.
But to our modern married fair, Who'd give their lords to save their hair, No stellar recognition's given.
But to speak against it is madness.
But to wantonly destroy a wolf, even one with an excessive taste for porkers, is unconscionable in these ecologically critical times when both man and his domestic beasts continue to maraud the earth.
But wait, it also calculates the work done in Joules, Ergs, and, yes, even BTU's.
But was he mature enough last night at the lesbian masquerade?
But watch for further reports.
But we cannot be indifferent to space, because the grand, slow march of intelligence has brought us, in our generation, to a point from which we can explore and understand and utilize it.
But we decide which is real, and which is an illusion.
But we have found that both internally and with outside designers if we are willing to have this kind of relationship and if we're willing to be vulnerable to what will come out of it, we get really good work.
But we may hope that the dawn of reason and freedom of thought in these United States will do away with this artificial scaffolding and restore to us the primitive and genuine doctrines of this most venerated Reformer of human errors.
But we need this system immediately or even sooner!
But we will be doing what he wants us to do, I think, if we consider his exterior a sort of Dorian Gray facade.
But we're not going to do it.
But what be bones that lie in a hole?
But what do all these things mean?
But what these unobservant birds Have failed to notice is that herds Of bears may come with buns And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.
But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable computers?
But what will become of the bicuspids?
But whatever else you do.
But when I found the door was locked The little fishes are in bed.
But when he told his busy-waiting parent of the deal, she became so angry she started thrashing.
But when it comes down to keeping good people when the crunch comes, or investing money in something untried, only the brave reach deep into their pockets and play the game as it must be played.
But when told this, the programmer once more refused, saying, I exist so that I can program.
But which are the best ones to start with?
But while this simplistic formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the scientific mind.
But who among us has such luck?
But who could have dreamt of such an idiotic-looking move?
But with VAXen in the house even magnetic tapes would freeze.
But you do have to understand body language to know when they're lying and when they aren't.
But you imprison those who employ it privately.
But you must defend it nobly, not by imitating his own low behavior.
But you see that line there moving through the station?
But you shall not escape my iambics.
But you were right, they see it is easier than trading.
But you who live on dreams, you are better pleased with the sophistical reasoning and frauds of talkers about great and uncertain matters than those who speak of certain and natural matters, not of such lofty nature.
But you're not all there.
But your fear is yours, and yours alone, like your voice, or your fingers, or your memory, and therefore yours to control.
But your wife has been here a month and a half.
But, Mousie, thou art no thy lane, In proving foresight may be vain: The best laid schemes o' mice an' men Gang aft a-gley, An' lea'e us nought but grief and pain For promised joy.
But, a certain amount of unpredictable and often unrepeatable inspiration is what usually makes the difference between adequacy and excellence.
But, alas, we never do.
But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
But, if you have the desire to learn, we can help you get started.
But, it was clear to everybody, that if you looked at it from behind, it was clear that Lenin was pointing to 11:00, when the Vodka shops opened, and was actually saying, Comrades, forward to the Vodka shops.
But, officer, he's not drunk, I just saw his fingers twitch!
But, uh, WHY is there a WAFFLE in my PAJAMA POCKET?
But, you know, there is this cute guy who works there and HE says that VAX's are cooler!
Buy another beer and practice in front of mirror.
Buy just as much as you need.
Buy the negatives at any price.
By Paul Vixie, vixie-cron 3.
By Pete Ehlke in comp.
By a finger entwined in his hair.
By accident I put the car key in the door lock.
By all means marry: If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher.
By all means, do not use a hammer.
By contrast, an operating system is not limited my outside appearances.
By dark, trains from anywhere in the United States could operate over the tracks in the South, and a free interchange of freight cars everywhere was possible.
By diligent effort, I learned to like it.
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.
By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun.
By nature, men are nearly alike; by practice, they get to be wide apart.
By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
By not seeking to strive, it conquers without effort.
By now he was soaked to the skin.
By perseverance the snail reached the Ark.
By protracting life, we do not deduct one jot from the duration of death.
By signing up for the project you agreed to do whatever was necessary for success.
By that pool long ago I found the River-daughter, fair young Goldberry sitting in the rushes.
By that time, the Captain was furious.
By the end of the summer, he had become quite strong; what's more, he felt really good about himself.
By the firm of Druids, Inc.
By the inch, it's a cinch.
By the middle 1880's, practically all the roads except those in the South, were of the present standard gauge.
By the summer of '85, the valley had more satellite dishes per capita than an Eskimo village on the north slope of Alaska.
By the time I was 20, he had made great improvement.
By the time a man reaches the checkout counter, his cart is packed tighter that the Clampett's car on Beverly Hillbillies.
By the time she was ten, didn't know if she was Carmen or Cohen.
By the time someone says I'd like you to meet Cecil, we shout, You're late again with the child support!
By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began to suspect Hungry.
By the way, ALL software projects are done by iterative prototyping.
By the way, the student says, That's not a Porsche, it's a Ferrari.
By the yard, life is hard.
By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity.
By water, wood and hill, by reed and willow, By fire, sun and moon, harken now and hear us!
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be boss and work twelve.
Bye for now, she said warmly.
Bypasses are devices that allow some people to dash from point A to point B very fast while other people dash from point B to point A very fast.
Byron was simply a jerk.
C is best described as a low-level programming language.
C is for cc, as hackers recall, while D is for dd, the command that does all.
C makes it easy for you to shoot yourself in the foot.
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique.
C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas la guerre!
C, except where void or prohibited by law.
C, the temperature at which brimstone or sulphur changes from a liquid to a gas.
C: This language was named for the grade received by its creator when he submitted it as a class project in a graduate programming class.
CAR and CDR now return extra values.
CDC Pascal compiler was fast.
COBOL: An exercise in Artificial Inelegance.
COBOL: Completely Over and Beyond reason Or Logic.
CYNDI LAUPER emerges wearing a BIRD CAGE on her head!
Caaaall for Super Chicken!
Cabbages and potatoes are better for you and me.
Cable is not a luxury, since many areas have poor TV reception.
Calabash, wherever you are.
Calculate that one rebellion in 13 states in the course of 11 years, is but one for each state in a century and a half.
Calculator, Will Travel.
Calendars are made with a month of Sundays and a blue-ribbon Holstein bore alive two insurance salesmen.
Calibree considered it, and mumbled to his wife, Think you'd like to stop and try a ride on the merry-go-round?
Calibree smiled in a washed-out manner, and sighed, Oh no, I don't believe I care to much, but you folks go ahead and try it.
Calibree stated to Kennicott, No, I don't believe we care to a whole lot, but you folks go ahead and try it.
Californians trying to share the experience.
Call Alice When she's ten feet tall.
Call now to receive my free pamphlet, The Wonder and Mystery of the Exclamation Point!
Call on God, but row away from the rocks.
Call them up shortly before your visit and tell them that you have gotten quite serious about somebody who is of a different religion, a different race and the same sex.
Call toll free before digging.
Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people!
Calm down, it's only ones and zeroes, Calm down, it's only bits and bytes, Calm down, and speak to me in English, Please realize that I'm not one of your computerites.
Came waffling with the truth too good, Chip Black!
Came whuffling through the tulgey wood One!
Cameo by Walter Cronkite, as every man's common 'tater!
Campaigns to bearproof all garbage containers in wild areas have been difficult, because as one biologist put it, There is a considerable overlap between the intelligence levels of the smartest bears and the dumbest tourists.
Campbell's soup-can recipes.
Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two points.
Camus clearly got up on the wrong side of bed, and Robbins must have forgotten to set the alarm.
Can I, ah, uh, get you another, sir?
Can anyone remember when the times were not hard, and money not scarce?
Can anything be sadder than work left unfinished?
Can print nothing out but foo, And the system is going to crash.
Can you MAIL a BEAN CAKE?
Can you buy friendship?
Can you fix it at your end?
Can you hear him singing?
Can you hear me singing?
Can you imagine how life could be improved if we could do away with jealousy, greed, hate.
Can you imagine that?
Can you imagine the enormous number of people in the world named Mohammad Chang?
Can you imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
Can you name the seven dwarfs from Snow White?
Can you name the seven seas?
Can you not take amusement from its endless gyrations?
Can you please tell me where we are?
Can you see your neck?
Can't do it, he explained, sheepishly.
Can't hear no whistles or bells, How do you think he does it?
Can't prove anything!
Can't see no message flashing, I don't know.
Can't tell false from true.
Can't you be serious for once?
Can't you just gesture hypnotically and make him disappear?
Canada Post doesn't really charge 32 cents for a stamp.
Candy Is dandy But liquor Is quicker.
Cannot quite expect that.
Canon sleeps, his all-knowing eye shaded to human chance and circumstance.
Capitalism is based on the assumption that you can win.
Captain's Log, star date 21:34.
Captain, a starship also runs on loyalty to one man.
Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table.
Carefree Highway, I got to see you, my old flame.
Carefree Highway, let me slip away on you, Carefree Highway, you seen better days, The morning after blues, from my head down to my shoes, Carefree Highway, let me slip away, slip away, on you.
Careful: the streets are sprung with pits and nets and traps.
Carefully cut out your computer-printed name and address from upper right hand corner of the Prize Claim Form.
Carefully guess the weight of the rocks.
Carefully planned projects take four times longer to complete than expected, mostly because the planners expect their planning to reduce the time it takes.
Cargo beep beep and run over ether bunny.
Caring for each other, being happy with each other, being good to each other.
Carl Sagan, The Burden Of Skepticism, The Skeptical Inquirer, Vol.
Carl Sagan, The Burden of Skepticism, Skeptical Enquirer, Vol.
Carmel, New York, has an ordinance forbidding men to wear coats and trousers that don't match.
Carob is not an acceptable substitute for chocolate.
Carob works on the principle that, when mixed with the right combination of fats and sugar, it can duplicate chocolate in color and texture.
Carol's head ached as she trailed behind the unsmiling Calibrees along the block of booths.
Carpenters are just plane folks.
Carried away by his love for dolphins, he resolved that he would go to the zoo and steal one of these birds.
Carries on both sides of the conversation himself.
Carrol Was over a barrel When Tarantula took to the hills.
Carry helium balloons if possible.
Cassandra did not get half the kicking around she deserved.
Castenada was a bit of a bozo.
Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
Catch you next year when I get back!
Catching his children with their hands in the new, still wet, patio, the father spanked them.
Catching on to this principle of education may be of even greater importance to you now than learning correct current table manners, vital as Miss Manners believes that is.
Cater to your favorite neurosis.
Catharsis is something I associate with pornography and crossword puzzles.
Catholic girls start much too late, Ah, but sooner or later, it comes down to fate, I might as well be the one.
Catholic odor - incense, wax, centuries of mild bleating from the lips of the flock.
Catproof is an oxymoron, childproof nearly so.
Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
Cats are smarter than dogs.
Cats take a message and get back to you.
Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.
Catsup and Mustard all over the place!
Cause I'm a night owl honey, sleep all day long.
Cause I'm moving next week to L4!
Cause if they lived near the bay, they'd be called baygulls.
Cause if you give him a bowl, he'll throw it away.
Cause this one knows the bottom line, couldn't get a date.
Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much good it did them.
Cecil, you're my final hope Of finding out the true Straight Dope For I have been reading of Schrodinger's cat But none of my cats are at all like that.
Celebrate Hannibal Day this year.
Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center of the universe.
Celibacy is not hereditary.
Census Taker to Housewife: Did you ever have the measles, and, if so, how many?
Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.
Certain old men prefer to rise at dawn, taking a cold bath and a long walk with an empty stomach and otherwise mortifying the flesh.
Certain passages in several laws have always defied interpretation and the most inexplicable must be a matter of opinion.
Certainly not, he said.
Certainly the game is rigged.
Certainly will, retorted the stonecutter.
Certainly you get it as an anthitetical process, so you have to have an environment where the body of people are really amenable to change and can deal with the conflicts that arise out of change an innovation.
Certainly, it is good to compound employments of both.
Certainly, replied the master, I will have it transported to the data center immediately!
Certainly, say the snakes.
Certainly, she replied.
Certainty is just an emotion.
Cestria sends, tenacious paste of solid milk.
Chairman of the Bored.
Chalmers, had fewer colds than the group on ascorbic acid who thought they were on placebo.
Chance is perhaps the work of God when He did not want to sign.
Change is the essential process of all existence.
Change your thoughts and you change your world.
Chaos is King and Magic is loose in the world.
Chaos treated them very handsomely and they discussed together what they could do to repay his kindness.
Chapter VIII Due to the convergence of forces beyond his comprehension, Salvatore Quanucci was suddenly squirted out of the universe like a watermelon seed, and never heard from again.
Character is what you are in the dark!
Charity begins at home.
Charlie Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.
Charlie was a chemist, But Charlie is no more.
Cheap things are of no value, valuable things are not cheap.
Check me if I'm wrong, Sandy, but if I kill all the golfers.
Check your closet in the morning.
Check your watch to see if bars are open yet.
Chemist who falls in acid is absorbed in work.
Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.
Chemistry is applied theology.
Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.
Chemists think they're physical chemists.
Cheshire-Puss, she began, would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?
Chicago and the yellow fever epidemic proved natural subjects for her pen.
Chicago laughed at this letter and broke the chain.
Chicago law prohibits eating in a place that is on fire.
Chicken Little only has to be right once.
Chicken Little was right.
Chickens are OK but we can't make them work together yet.
Chihuahuas drive me crazy.
Children are like cats, they can tell when you don't like them.
Children are natural mimics who act like their parents despite every effort to teach them good manners.
Children are rarely still, while elderly philosophers will sometimes remain rigid for minutes altogether.
Children are unpredictable.
Children aren't happy without something to ignore, And that's what parents were created for.
Children begin by loving their parents.
Children need an updated message with contemporary circumstance and plot line, and short enough to suit today's minute attention span.
Children seldom misquote you.
Children should be seen and not heard.
Children's talent to endure stems from their ignorance of alternatives.
Chine quickly divided a nearby apple in two and deftly stored the list in its center.
Chinese couldn't care less.
Chinese for more food than you've ever seen in your entire life.
Chinese saying: He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks.
Chinese wife, and eat Japanese food.
Chivalry, Schmivalry!
Choose in marriage only a woman whom you would choose as a friend if she were a man.
Christa Keil in a German posting: Mounting is used for three things: climbing on a horse, linking in a hard disk unit in data systems, and, well, mounting during sex.
Christianity from within.
Christmas Club, and payroll savings plan contributions.
Christmas-tree ornaments, singing I Gotta Be Me around the upright piano, gulping their drinks and wolfing down hors d'oeuvres.
Churchill apologized profusely.
Churchill wrote back, returning the two tickets and excused himself as he had a previous engagement.
Churchill, replied the hostess, in this country we ask for white meat or dark meat.
Cincinnatti was beating us 3-1, and I led off the bottom of the eighth with a walk.
Cinnamon Roll out bottom crust of pastry and fit into 9-inch pie plate.
Circum- stances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Circumstances being what they were, neither admission could be of any benefit.
Circumstances rule men; men do not rule circumstances.
Cities contain streets, which are dangerous and crowded and difficult to park in.
Civilization advances by extending the numbers of important operations which we can perform without thinking about them.
Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition to crave knowledge.
Civilization ends at the waterline.
Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening.
Claims that it allows you to drink several DOS Beers simultaneously, but in reality you can only drink a few of them, very slowly, especially slowly if you are drinking the Windows Beer at the same time.
Claret is the liquor for boys; port for men; but he who aspires to be a hero.
Class, that's the only thing that counts in life.
Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're leading the parade.
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Clean up your own mess.
Clean-favored, and imperially slim.
Cleaning your house while your kids are still growing is like shoveling the walk before it stops snowing.
Cleanliness becomes more important when godliness is unlikely.
Cleanliness is next to impossible.
Clear are thy eyes and bright thy breath!
Clear the laundromat!
Clearly the best thing you can do for you children is to start speaking Yiddish right now and never speak another word of English as long as you live.
Clemclone, back to the shadows again.
Clever of you to think of it!
Cliff: He's got a life, you know.
Climb the mountain just a little to test it's a mountain.
Climbing onto a bar stool, a piece of string asked for a beer.
Climbing to new depths.
Clinging, I shall die of boredom.
Clint Eastwood agreed to a television interview.
Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
Clothes make the man.
Cloud-shaped drawings frequently help here.
Coax University in Palo Alto, proved conclusively that the mammalian brain is hardwired to interpret a set of thirty seven genetically transmitted cooperating TECO macros.
Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
Coding is easy; All you do is sit staring at a terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.
Cogito ergo I'm right and you're wrong.
Cogito ergo vendo; vendo ergo sum.
Coincidences are spiritual puns.
Cold be hand and heart and bone, and cold be sleep under stone; never more to wake on stony bed, never, till the Sun fails and the Moon is dead.
Cold comfort for change?
Cold hands, no gloves.
Cold-hearted orb that rules the night; Removes the colors from our sight.
Collect the whole set.
College football is a game which would be much more interesting if the faculty played instead of the students, and even more interesting if the trustees played.
College: The fountains of knowledge, where everyone goes to drink.
Colleges may be to blame.
Colonel Gray, of Petaluma, came near losing his life a few days ago, in a singular manner.
Colorless green ideas sleep furiously.
Combine water, sugar and cream of tartar in saucepan, boil gently for 15 minutes.
Come I to make this gig at Caesar's laying down.
Come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarble, ya eunuch jelly thou!
Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring Your winter garment of repentence fling.
Come inside, the show's about to start, Guaranteed to blow your head apart.
Come live with me and be my love, And we will some new pleasures prove Of golden sands and crystal brooks With silken lines, and silver hooks.
Come live with me, and be my love, And we will some new pleasures prove Of golden sands, and crystal brooks, With silken lines, and silver hooks.
Come never here again!
Come now, friend rabbit, you know that's impossible!
Come on over here, baby, I want to do a thing with you.
Come on, Marta, grow up.
Come on, Virginia, don't make me wait!
Come on, boy, do your stuff.
Come over to the dark side, you hoser.
Come quickly, I am tasting stars!
Come to my arms, my beamish boy!
Come to my arms, my perth amboy!
Come to my woman's breasts, And take my milk for gall, you murdering ministers, Wherever in your sightless substances You wait on nature's mischief!
Come up with three rules of your own.
Come with me and I'll show you.
Come, Tom Bombadil, for our need is near us!
Come, every frustum longs to be a cone, And every vector dreams of matrices.
Come, let's mix where Rockefeller's walk with sticks, Or umberellas, in their mitts, Puttin' on the Ritz.
Come, muse, let us sing of rats!
Come, muse, let us sing of rats.
Come, you spirits That tend on mortal thoughts, unsex me here, And fill me, from the crown to the toe, top-full Of direst cruelty!
Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.
Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.
Coming as it did, reasonably close on the heels of two revolver shots directed at the person of whom it was probably used, we think it carries every reasonable implication of ill-will toward that person.
Command Line User Environment.
Commands in the ELITE dialect include VSOP and LAFITE, while commands in the GUTTER dialect include HOOTCH and RIPPLE.
Commentary: His Master is kind, Answering his FAQ quickly, With thought and sarcasm.
Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
Committees have become so important nowadays that subcommittees have to be appointed to do the work.
Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds.
Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world.
Company's coming, she guessed.
Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule.
Comparing software engineering to classical engineering assumes that software has the ability to wear out.
Compensation for all the time I spend in the shower not eating.
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.
Competitive fury is not always anger.
Compiles and simulations grew so quickly tame And swapped out all their data space when Puff pushed his stack frame.
Complex nonsolutions to simple nonproblems.
Comply with above instructions carefully and completely or you may be disqualified from receiving your prize.
Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
Computer literacy is a contact with the activity of computing deep enough to make the computational equivalent of reading and writing fluent and enjoyable.
Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.
Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.
Computer translation of The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak.
Computers are not intelligent.
Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable.
Computers are useless.
Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up.
Computers don't actually think.
Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them.
Computers simulate determinism; only the Tao is perfect.
Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more than the estimate the job will cost.
Computerspeak for information.
Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
Concerning the war in Vietnam, Senator George Aiken of Vermount noted in January, 1966, I'm not very keen for doves or hawks.
Condense soup, not books!
Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven; confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.
Confessions may be good for the soul, but they are bad for the reputation.
Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you fall flat on your face.
Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.
Confound these ancestors.
Confound those who have said our remarks before us.
Confucius say too much.
Confusion will be my epitaph as I walk a cracked and broken path If we make it we can all sit back and laugh but I fear that tomorrow we'll be crying.
Congratulations are in order for Tom Reid.
Conjecture: All odd numbers are prime.
Connellan, president of The Management Group, Inc.
Conquering Russia should be done steppe by steppe.
Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
Conscience makes egotists of us all.
Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you wish you weren't.
Consequences, Schmonsequences, as long as I'm rich.
Consequently, any young woman of aspiration should expect to spend most of her vacations in a car, probing into unfamiliar corners.
Consequently, crest is greased down, except for the cowlick.
Consequently, my family pride is something inconceivable.
Consider a spherical bear, in simple harmonic motion.
Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there.
Consider well the proportions of things.
Consideration for those less fortunate than you is always proper, although it would be more convincing if you stopped babbling about how attractive she is.
Considered by many to be a light beer.
Consistency is always easier to defend than correctness.
Consistency requires you to be as ignorant today as you were a year ago.
Conspicuously miserable.
Constructive Snottiness.
Consultants are mystical people who ask a company for a number and then give it back to them.
Consume a fifth of CHIVAS REGAL, ski NUDE down MT.
Contemptuous lights flashed flashed across the computer's console.
Contents may settle during shipment.
Continental breakfast, n.
Continue to let things deteriorate at home.
Contrariwise, continued Tweedledee, if it was so, it might be, and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't.
Contrary to popular belief, penguins are not the salvation of modern technology.
Contributed by Frans van der Zande.
Control and meta, side by side, Augmented ASCII, 9 bits wide!
Convention is the ruler of all.
Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
Conversely, all considerations of sex aside, you can meet some other people once or twice and they remain permanent influences on your life.
Conversely, trivialities must be attended to with the greatest of care.
Conversion, fastidious Goddess, loves blood better than brick, and feasts most subtly on the human will.
Cooke, I don't want to invade your privacy, but I have a bet with a friend of mine.
Cooper, and where is he now?
Cops never say good-bye.
Corinth was a commercial city, interested in purely materialistic things.
Corn stalks comedy, comedy stalks tragedy, and this too is historic.
Cornbread are square.
Coroner's verdict: Death from excessive spunk.
Corporate Headquarters has commanded, continued the magician, that everyone use this workstation as a platform for new programs.
Corporate food stamps.
Correct speling is essential.
Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
Correctness Verification Aid packages.
Correctness is my vade mecum, And straggling phrases I abhor, And yet I wondered, What should he come Up from out of under for?
Corresponding errors will show up in the duplicate while the Boss is reading it.
Costumes Designed by Pierre Cardin.
Could Dick Butcher have been an efficiency expert?
Could I have a drug overdose?
Could I have asked her to get under my umbrella without seeming insulting?
Could be you're crossing the fine line A silly driver kind of.
Could fetch it from the furnace deep And in thy horrid ribs dare steep In the well of sanguine woe?
Could twist the sinews of they heart?
Could you see him from where you were standing?
Couldn't be any worse than some of the relationships I've had.
Couldn't figure out a way to connect the snow blower.
Couldn't we jury-rig the cat to act as an audio switch, and have it yell at people to save their core images before logging them out?
Count Basie's Jewish.
Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
Courage is grace under pressure.
Courage is your greatest present need.
Course you haven't, you fruit-loop little geek.
Courtship to marriage, as a very witty prologue to a very dull play.
Cousins are not to be trusted.
Cover with top crust.
Cows are available fully-assembled in an assortment of sizes and colors.
Craig Schlenter in response to Linus Torvalds's mailing about a kernel bug.
Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!
Creation science has not entered the curriculum for a reason so simple and so basic that we often forget to mention it: because it is false, and because good teachers understand exactly why it is false.
Creationists actually got equal time with evolutionists.
Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for peculiarity breeds contempt.
Creativity is great, but plagiarism is faster.
Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.
Creativity is not always bred in an environment of tranquility; sometimes you have to squeeze a little to get the paste out of the tube.
Credit will be given to candidates who self-actualise.
Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
Critics of this beer claim that it is only meant for watching TV anyway.
Crossing over a stream, one of the boys dropped his wallet into the water.
Crush out hate and prejudice, fear and greed and sin, Help bring back her dignity, restore her faith again.
Crying doesn't help either.
Cu mi povas havi via telelonnumeron?
Cu necesas ke vi eliras?
Cu tiu loko estas okupita?
Culture is the habit of being pleased with the best and knowing why.
Cure the disease and kill the patient.
Curiosity killed the cat, but satisfaction brought her back.
Curiously enough, the dolphins had long known of the impending destruction of the of the planet Earth and had made many attempts to alert mankind to the danger; but most of their communications were misinterpreted.
Custer committed Siouxicide.
Cut down some trees and let us live there, say the snakes.
Cut into 6 to 8 slices.
Cut into squares and enjoy!
Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
Cut slits in top crust to let steam escape.
Cutting his throat is only a momentary pleasure and is bound to get you talked about.
Cutting the space budget really restores my faith in humanity.
D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from one graveyard to another.
DEC called the data Stack, and the instructions they called Code.
DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
DOGO commands include SIT, STAY, HEEL, and ROLL OVER.
DOS Air: All the passengers go out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it until it gets in the air, hop on, jump off when it hits the ground again.
DOS Beer: Requires you to use your own can opener, and requires you to read the directions carefully before opening the can.
Dad, she buys everything I've bought, and it's taken all the fun out of it for me.
Daffy Duck steps off a cliff, expecting further pastureland.
Dammit Jim, I'm an actor, not a doctor.
Danger, you haven't seen the last of me!
Dare he laugh his work to see?
Dare he who made the lamb make thee?
Dare its deadly terrors clasp?
Darkness becomes you.
Darkness has conquered Brad and Janet.
Darling, only the good die young!
Darling: the popular form of address used in speaking to a member of the opposite sex whose name you cannot at the moment remember.
Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.
Das machine is nicht fur gefingerpoken und mittengrabben.
Das rubbernecken sightseeren keepen hands in das pockets.
Data is a lot like humans: It is born.
Davenport, came to his feet.
David Brinkley: The daily astrological charts are precisely where, in my judgment, they belong, and that is on the comic page.
David Lean, 1969, 3 hours 30 min.
Dawn came too soon, she mourned.
Days and nights they battled, the Bantu to their knees, They killed to earn their living, and to help out the Congolese.
DePree also expects a tremendous social change in all workplaces.
DePree believes participative capitalism is the wave of the future.
DePree tells the story of how designer George Nelson urged that the company also take on Charles Eames in the late 1940s.
Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant.
Dear Emily, what about test messages?
Dear Lord: Please make my words sweet and tender, for tomorrow I may have to eat them.
Dear Miss Manners: I carry a big black umbrella, even if there's just a thirty percent chance of rain.
Dear Miss Manners: Please list some tactful ways of removing a man's saliva from your face.
Dear Mister Language Person: I am curious about the expression, Part of this complete breakfast.
Dear Mister Language Person: What is the purpose of the apostrophe?
Death and life are in the power of the tongue.
Death becomes a familiar pattern.
Death before dishonor.
Death is God's way of telling you not to be such a wise guy.
Death is Nature's way of recycling human beings.
Death is a spirit leaving a body, sort of like a shell leaving the nut behind.
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
Death is nature's way of telling you to slow down.
Death is only a state of mind.
Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!
Death to all fanatics!
Death, and more death.
Death, when unnecessary, is a tragic thing.
Debug is human, de-fix divine.
Debugging had to be discovered.
Decaffeinated coffee?
Decision of judges is final.
Decisions of the judges will be final unless shouted down by a really over- whelming majority of the crowd present.
Decreased business base increases overhead.
Deduct 14,800,000, the number in the state and city offices, leaving 200,000 to do the work.
Deep Thought with unconcealed contempt.
Deep dark depression, excessive misery.
Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat.
Definitely not for the squeamish, or those on diets that are driving them crazy.
Definitely, Lord Copper.
Deflector shields just came on, Captain.
Delay is preferable to error.
Deliberate provocation of mystical experience, particularly by LSD and related hallucinogens, in contrast to spontaneous visionary experiences, entails dangers that must not be underestimated.
Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.
Delusions are often functional.
Demand the establishment of the government in its rightful home at Disneyland.
Democracy becomes a government of bullies, tempered by editors.
Democracy is a device that insures we shall be governed no better than we deserve.
Democracy is a form of government in which it is permitted to wonder aloud what the country could do under first-class management.
Democracy is a form of government that substitutes election by the incompetent many for appointment by the corrupt few.
Democracy is a government where you can say what you think even if you don't think.
Democracy is a process by which the people are free to choose the man who will get the blame.
Democracy is the name we give the people whenever we need them.
Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time.
Democracy is the worst form of government except all those other forms that have been tried from time to time.
Democracy means simply the bludgeoning of the people by the people for the people.
Democracy will not be salvaged by men who talk fluently, debate forcefully and quote aptly.
Democratic movements for local restraint can only restrain the world's democracies, not the world as a whole.
Demographic polls show that you have lost credibility across the board.
Dennis Ritchie is twice as bright as Steve Jobs, and only half wrong.
Dental health is next to mental health.
Depart not from the path which fate has assigned you.
