You always find something in the last place you look.
You always have the option of pitching baseballs at empty spray paint cans in a cul-de-sac in a Cleveland suburb.
You and I as individuals can, by borrowing, live beyond our means, but only for a limited period of time.
You and I know that a burden and a cross, Can only be carried on one man's back.
You are WRONG, you ol' brass-breasted fascist poop!
You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
You are a fluke of the universe.
You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
You are a taxi driver.
You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
You are absolute plate-glass.
You are also free to write nonsense, or lies, or to tear the pages.
You are always doing something marginal when the boss drops by your desk.
You are an excellent tactician, Captain.
You are an insult to my intelligence!
You are as I am with You.
You are as young as your faith, as old as your doubt; as young as your self-confidence, as old as your fear, as young as your hope, as old as your despair.
You are avenged fourteen hundred and forty times a day.
You are aware of your parents' xenophobic response to anyone of a different religion.
You are being carried out.
You are capable of planning your future.
You are confused; but this is your normal state.
You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the department of transportation.
You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
You are fairminded, just and loving.
You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
You are going to have a new love affair.
You are in a maze of UUCP connections, all alike.
You are in the hall of the mountain king.
You are looking through bottom of empty glass.
You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.
You are magnetic in your bearing.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it true.
You are not dead yet.
You are not paid enough to worry.
You are not permitted to kill a woman who has wronged you, but nothing forbids you to reflect that she is growing older every minute.
You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
You are permanently confused.
You are reading a letter which will bring you luck and good fortune.
You are requested to refrain from speaking to the driver.
You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward.
You are sick, twisted and perverted.
You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
You are standing on my toes.
You are stately as a palm-tree, and your breasts are the clusters of dates.
You are taking yourself far too seriously.
You are the lucky winner of random I.
You are the master here, and they the slaves.
You are the one-millionth user to log into our system.
You are the only person to ever get this message.
You are transported to a room where you are faced by a wizard who points to you and says, Them's fighting words!
You are what you eat.
You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
You aren't IBM compatible.
You aren't nearly through this adventure yet, he added, and that was pretty true as well.
You ask for the right to make his laws?
You ask too many questions.
You ask what a nice girl will do?
You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
You awaken to find your bed hard, cold and wet.
You boys lookin' for trouble?
You buttered your bread, now lie in it.
You call Suicide Prevention and they put you on hold.
You call your answering service and they've never heard of you.
You can always find what you're not looking for.
You can always pick up your needle and move to another groove.
You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.
You can always tell the Christmas season is here when you start getting incredibly dense, tinfoil-and-ribbon- wrapped lumps in the mail.
You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier.
You can be replaced by this computer.
You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
You can bring any calculator you like to the midterm, as long as it doesn't dim the lights when you turn it on.
You can buy a computer that works like an IBM machine but contains nothing made or sold by IBM itself.
You can create your own opportunities this week.
You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
You can do more with a kind word and a gun than with just a kind word.
You can do this in a number of ways.
You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.
You can drive a horse to water, but a pencil must be lead.
You can drive as fast as you want in any direction you want.
You can eat dirt cheap there!
You can fool all the people all of the time if the advertising is right and the budget is big enough.
You can fool some of the people some of the time, and some of the people all of the time, and that is sufficient.
You can get everything in life you want, if you will help enough other people get what they want.
You can get much further with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone.
You can get there from here, but why on earth would you want to?
You can go anywhere you want if you look serious and carry a clipboard.
You can grovel in a hallway, you can grovel in a park, You can grovel in an alley with a mugger after dark.
You can grovel with a lover, you can grovel with a friend, You can grovel with your boss, and it never has to end.
You can grovel with your uncle, you can grovel with your aunt, You can grovel with your Apple, even though you say you can't.
You can have a dog as a friend.
You can have whiskey as a friend.
You can learn a wholesome lesson Dat was ugly, mean or bad.
You can learn many things from children.
You can leave in a taxi.
You can make it illegal, but you can't make it unpopular.
You can meet some people thirty, forty times down the years, and they remain amiable bystanders, like the shore lights of towns that a sailor passes at stated times but never calls at on the regular run.
You can move the world with an idea, but you have to think of it first.
You can never be sure how many beers you had last night.
You can never do just one thing.
You can never tell which way the train went by looking at the tracks.
You can never trust a woman; she may be true to you.
You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake.
You can not get anything worthwhile done without raising a sweat.
You can not win the game, and you are not allowed to stop playing.
You can now buy more gates with less specifications than at any other time in history.
You can observe a lot just by watching.
You can only break even at absolute zero.
You can only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
You can recover the file by typing in the code over again, since I also removed the source.
You can save time by simply sending the money, if you're too busy.
You can spend an evening in front of it in only eight minutes.
You can stick it in a bottle; You can hold it in your hand.
You can take all the impact that science considerations have on funding decisions at NASA, put them in the navel of a flea, and have room left over for a caraway seed and Tony Calio's heart.
You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements.
You can tell you're in love by the way you feel: your head becomes light, your heart leaps within you, you feel like you're walking on air, and the whole world seems like a wonderful and happy place.
You can tune a filesystem, but you can't tuna fish.
You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish.
You can write a small letter to Grandma in the filename.
You can't argue with failure.
You can't be perfect of course; you may make mistakes also.
You can't break eggs without making an omelet.
You can't break even.
You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
You can't cheat an honest man.
You can't cheat the phone company.
You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.
You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
You can't evaluate a man by logic alone.
You can't even quit the game.
You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
You can't expect a mother to be with a small child all the time, Margaret Mead once remarked, with her usual good sense, but in 1978 she shocked feminists by snapping that women don't really have children to put them in day care twelve hours a day, either.
You can't fall off the floor.
You can't get anything without working for it.
You can't get down off an elephant.
You can't get there from here.
You can't get very far in this world without your dossier being there first.
You can't have everything.
You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
You can't hug a child with nuclear arms.
You can't judge a book by the way it wears its hair.
You can't just say it's pictures of people naked.
You can't learn too soon that the most useful thing about a principle is that it can always be sacrificed to expediency.
You can't make a program without broken egos.
You can't make eight cats pull a sled through the snow.
You can't mend a wristwatch while falling from an airplane.
You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
You can't push on a string.
You can't really train a beagle, he dogmatized.
You can't run away forever, But there's nothing wrong with getting a good head start.
You can't simply say, Today I will be brilliant.
You can't start worrying about what's going to happen.
You can't survive by sucking the juice from a wet mitten.
You can't take damsel here now.
You can't teach people to be lazy - either they have it, or they don't.
You can't teach seven foot.
You can't wait until you're fifteen or sixteen.
You can't win them all, but you sure as hell can lose them all.
You can, for example, never foretell what any one man will do, but you can say with precision what an average number will be up to.
You canna change the laws of physics, Captain; I've got to have thirty minutes!
You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
You cannot buy beer; you can only rent it.
You cannot count friends that are all packed up in barrels.
You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.
You cannot have a science without measurement.
You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
You cannot see the bathroom light.
You cannot see the wood for the trees.
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
You cannot tell the truth because everything you say is a lie.
You cannot use your friends and have them too.
You certainly have a dangerous job.
You climb to reach the summit, but once there, discover that all roads lead down.
You could always schedule the saw, though - ed.
You could drive that in a week, but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
You could feel the wind at your back, about you.
You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
You could strike sparks anywhere.
You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
You couldn't pry that out of a Boston man if you had the tire of all creation straightened out for a crowbar.
You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
You design and produce a nutriment-bearing furniture-type structure in the context of non-cooperative elements.
You dial the wrong number, and talk for 15 minutes anyway.
You did wonderfully, he said, I was afraid you would waver under testimony.
You didn't have to run if you have a license!
You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
You do not have mail.
You do what you get paid to do.
You do, Grandfather Trout said.
You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
You don't get innovation as a democratic process.
You don't go out and kick a mad dog.
You don't have five-hundred dollars.
You don't have many suspects who are innocent of a crime.
You don't have to be nice to people on the way up if you're not planning on coming back down.
You don't have to explain something you never said.
You don't have to go.
You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
You don't have to shake the Mac to clear the screen.
You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you.
You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but unknown to you we have something in common.
You don't like apricot brandy?
You don't move to Edina, you achieve Edina.
You don't sew with a fork, so I see no reason to eat with knitting needles.
You don't use turn signals because everybody knows where you're going.
You don't want a rose to sing.
You either believe in yourself or you don't.
You enjoy the company of other people.
You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
You feel like you are going to die and you're afraid that you won't.
You feel that, don't you?
You figure, If those guys can fix my furnace, then so can I.
You fill a much-needed gap.
You find rest on the hot squat, Or gas can give you pax, But the closest corner chemist has peace in packaged stacks.
You first have to decide whether to use the short or the long form.
You first parents of the human race.
You get a bottle, a poster bed, and the brightest colored stocking cap you can find.
You get a phone number, an answering service you can call.
You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
You get it from your kids.
You get someone who makes you an offer that you can't understand!
You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
You get used to those things.
You get what you pay for.
You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me from your own life.
You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
You got to pay your dues if you want to sing the blues, And you know it don't come easy.
You gotta see the show!
You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!
You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.
You happen to be human.
You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
You have a message from the operator.
You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy.
You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
You have a truly strong individuality.
You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
You have all eternity to be cautious in when you're dead.
You have all the characteristics of a popular politician: a horrible voice, bad breeding, and a vulgar manner.
You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
You have an unusual equipment for success.
You have an unusual magnetic personality.
You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive.
You have been provided with a razor blade, a piece of gauze, and a bottle of Scotch.
You have been selected for a secret mission.
You have fallen forward.
You have fallen over backward.
You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?
You have just become a father!
You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
You have many friends and very few living enemies.
You have no doubt force enough to overcome your obstacles.
You have no idea how much better I feel these days.
You have no real enemies.
You have no right to be here.
You have not been prepared!
You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
You have nothing to lose but your chairs.
You have nothing to lose but your lunch.
You have nothing to lose but your yolks.
You have only to mumble a few words in church to get married and few words in your sleep to get divorced.
You have purchased an extremely fine device that would give you thousands of years of trouble-free service, except that you undoubtably will destroy it via some typical bonehead consumer maneuver.
You have seen all of it that is worth staying for when the band and the gaudy officials have gone by.
You have spent the night in the gutter.
You have taken yourself too seriously.
You have the body of a 19 year old.
You have the capacity to learn from mistakes.
You have the liver, but what can you do with it without the recipe?
You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
You have to eat it nevertheless.
You have to get a bit jungle-wise.
You have to run as fast as you can just to stay where you are.
You haven't died 'til you've used it.
You haven't really been anywhere until you've got back home.
You hold meetings, then, like the AA?
You humans are all alike.
You humans have that emotional need to express gratitude.
You just can't hold people, you can't own them.
You just know when a relationship is about to end.
You just sit living and reliving other lives left behind in the thought records.
You just think they think.
You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is.
You k'n hide de fier, but w'at you gwine do wid de smoke?
You keep it cool when it's t-t-tight.
You keep it to yourself.
You keep score with money.
You knew the job was dangerous when you took it, Fred.
You know I'm cold as a hired sword.
You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
You know in your book The Martian Chronicles?
You know it's Monday when you wake up and it's Tuesday.
You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party and there aren't any.
You know it's going to be a long day when you get up, shave and shower, start to get dressed and your shoes are still warm.
You know my heart keeps tellin' me, You're not a kid at thirty-three, You play around you lose your wife, You play too long, you lose your life.
You know some time you're bound to leave her, but for now you're going to stay In the Year of the Cat.
You know that feeling when you're leaning back on a stool and it starts to tip over?
You know the great thing about TV?
You know the kind of flu I'm talking about.
You know what we can be like: See a guy and think he's cute one minute, the next minute our brains have us married with kids, the following minute we see him having an extramarital affair.
You know where you talk about Deimos rising in the East?
You know why there are so few sophisticated computer terrorists in the United States?
You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
You know you have a small apartment when Rice Krispies echo.
You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
You know you're getting old when you're Dad, and you're measuring your daughter for camp clothes, and there are certain measurements only her mother is allowed to take.
You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.
You know you've landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi.
You know your apartment is small.
You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is, and he says roff!
You know, I've missed seven or eight periods now and it's beginning to worry me.
You know, for example, that you should not wear leisure suits or white plastic belts and shoes, unless you are going to a costume party disguised as a pig farmer vacationing at Disney World.
You know, it's at times like this when I'm trapped in a Vogon airlock with a man from Betelgeuse and about to die of asphyxiation in deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me when I was young!
You know, of course, that the Tasmanians, who never committed adultery, are now extinct.
You know, the difference between this company and the Titanic is that the Titanic had paying customers.
You know, the farther we get into darkness, and there's a shifting of color of light into the blueness, and I think as you go farther and farther away from the reflected light we have from the sun or the light that's bouncing off this earth, uh, the darker it gets.
You know, the problem is these idiots who can't make up their minds.
You know, we've won awards for this crap.
You laugh now, but you'll be laughing harder later!
You left us in tatters, without shoes or socks, Tired of digging potatoes, and spudding up docks; And now you've gay bracelets and bright feathers three!
You let your second in command attack while you sit and watch for weakness.
You lie, you tell the truth.
You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
You live with me, and I with you, And you will be my POSSLQ.
You lived with a man who wore white belts?
You look like a million dollars.
You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
You made a first-class fool out of me, But I'm as blind as a fool can be.
You may already be a loser.
You may already be a winner!
You may also find it is more fun to post the article once in each group.
You may apply for more disk space at any time.
You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely larger than others.
You may be recognized soon.
You may be right, I may be crazy, But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for!
You may be sure that when a man begins to call himself a realist, he is preparing to do something he is secretly ashamed of doing.
You may be worried that it might help to encourage your child's antisocial tendencies, but believe me, you have not seen antisocial tendencies until you've seen a child who is convinced that he or she did not get the right gift.
You may be wrong here, little one.
You may call me by my name, Wirth, or by my value, Worth.
You may fool the whole world down the pathway of life And get pats on the back as you pass, But your final reward will be heartaches and tears If you've cheated the man in the glass.
You may get an opportunity for advancement today.
You may grow old and trembling in your anatomies, you may lie awake at night listening to the disorder of your veins, you may miss your only love, you may see the world about you devastated by evil lunatics, or know your honour trampled in the sewers of baser minds.
You may have had it yourself.
You may have heard that a dean is to faculty as a hydrant is to a dog.
You may have to work for it, however.
You may my glories and my state dispose, But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
You may park anywhere if you turn your four-way flashers on.
You may resume your seat.
You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
You mean, if you allow the master to be uncivil, to treat you any old way he likes, and to insult your dignity, then he may deem you fit to hear his view of things?
You men out there probably think you already know how to dress for success.
You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
You might as well live!
You might as well not even try.
You might just as well give in and save your sanity for later.
You might wake your neighbors.
You might want to mug someone with it.
You must absorb its force and convert it to your users as best you can.
You must be an attorney!
You must defend your integrity, assuming you have integrity to defend.
You must dine in our cafeteria.
You must go to the market to exchange our RAM for some BASICs.
You must have been very close to the deceased.
You must include all income you receive in the form of money, property and services if it is not specifically exempt.
You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty to his own concept of the obligations of manhood.
You must learn to run your kayak by a sort of ju-jitsu.
You must learn to tell what the river will do to you, and given those parameters see how you can live with it.
You must make it clear that you will not attend, but you do not have to let fly at cats.
You must mean two-by-four's replies the clerk.
You must realize that the computer has it in for you.
You must rely on your human intuition.
You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you.
You must slice it thin, almost as thin as this page you hold in your hands.
You must understand the Tao before transcending structure.
You must understand, she has the dessert she wants.
You need more time; and you probably always will.
You need no longer worry about the future.
You need not supply the world with the next conqueror of disease or major motion picture star.
You need tender loving care once a week - so that I can slap you into shape.
You need to say less.
You need to start as soon as the traffic light for the intersecting street turns yellow.
You never gain something but that you lose something.
You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
You never get to do it enough to become good at it.
You never go anywhere without your soul.
You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
You never have to figure out what to get for children, because they will tell you exactly what they want.
You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
You never know what inconsistency they're going to catch you in next.
You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
You never know who is right, but you always know who is in charge.
You never learn anything by doing it right.
You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive.
You not only can, you must.
You now have Asian Flu.
You nurture the program and guide it down the right path, building, watching it grow ever stronger.
You obviously buttered the wrong side.
You ought to see a psychiatrist, he reminded me.
You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
You patch a bug, and dump it again: 100 blocks of crud on the disk!
You patch a bug, and dump it again: 101 blocks of crud on the disk!
You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
You probably call them bombs.
You probably call them road signs, but then you don't work in a government agency.
You probably contain a germ.
You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
You pull his tail in New York and his head is meowing in Los Angeles.
You put both contact lenses in the same eye.
You put the cap on the post at the foot of the bed, then get into bed and drink aquavit until you can't see the cap.
You put your bra on backwards and it fits better.
You read a scroll of postpone until Monday at 9 AM.
You read the 575MB disk.
You realize that you've memorized the back of the cereal box.
You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
You roll my log, and I will roll yours.
You said you were blonde, but you lied!
You said you were gonna call and it's been two weeks.
You say that we go around the sun.
You say there are two types of people?
You say you are lying.
You scared the cat away!
You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.
You see but you do not observe.
You see how useful it is to know a second language?
You see things; and you say Why?
You see, I am one of those people who lives prophylactically and sensibly and sanely, hour after hour, day after day.
You see, I consider that a man's brain originally is like a little empty attic, and you have to stock it with such furniture as you choose.
You see, during a portion of Beethovan's Ninth Symphony in which there are no bass violin parts, one of the bassists always passed a bottle of scotch around.
You see, it's just a little universal recursive joke which threads our lives through the infinite potential of the instant.
You see, there's me, and there's Ma, and there's our son Billy.
You see, they have a problem with the picture tubes on color television sets, and many are exploding.
You see, you're just like me.
You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
You shoot a fellow down You'd treat, if met where any bar is Or help to half-a-crown.
You should all JUMP UP AND DOWN for TWO HOURS while I decide on a NEW CAREER!
You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.
You should either bury it or else throw it into the brook.
You should emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.
You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty.
You should not use your fireplace, because scientists now believe that, contrary to popular opinion, fireplaces actually remove heat from houses.
You should take no more than 10 minutes on this question.
You should test your car's horn at least once every hour, and more often at night or in residential neighborhoods.
You shouldn't have to pay for your love with your bones and your flesh.
You shouldn't make my toaster angry.
You shouldn't wallow in self-pity.
You show me an American who can keep his mouth shut and I'll eat him.
You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
You snake, she rattled.
You speak of courage.
You speak to each dog you pass, by name.
You spin it around, and then eventually it falls down.
You stand convicted of sickness, hunger, wretchedness, and want.
You start by filling up the bathtub with water.
You stole my soul, and that's a pain I can do without.
You take a program, born weak and impotent as a dimly-realized solution.
You take credit cards, right?
You talk to me of Christianity when you are in the act of hanging your enemies.
You teach best what you most need to learn.
You throw the 575MB disk at the Sun.
You too can wear a nose mitten.
You took me away from home, Just to save you from being alone; You stole my heart, and that's what really hurts.
You travel halfway across the galaxy and it's still the same song.
You tread upon my patience.
You tried it just for once, found it alright for kicks, but now you find out you have a habit that sticks, you're an orgasm addict, you're always at it, and you're an orgasm addict.
You tweachewous miscweant!
You understood so much today.
You use them when you've got nothing else to try.
You used to call home-life a hag-ridden dream, And you'd sigh, and you'd sock; but at present you seem To know not of megrims or melancho-ly!
You wake up and your braces are locked together.
You wake up face down on the pavement.
You wake up to the soothing sound of flowing water.
You wanna help on the audit now?
You want I should type?
You want it bad, you'll get it bad.
You want to keep your party somewhere around level 3, unless you rent your home and own Firearms, in which case you can go to level 4.
You want to know why I kept getting promoted?
You want us to pay income taxes, too?
You want your guests to be so anxious to avoid a recurrence of your party that they immediately start planning parties of their own, a year in advance, just to prevent you from having another one.
You were afraid of her.
You were s'posed to laugh!
You who hate the Jews so, why did you adopt their religion?
You will always find something in the last place you look.
You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
You will be Told about it Tomorrow.
You will be a winner today.
You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
You will be approximated.
You will be assimilated.
You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
You will be awarded some great honor.
You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
You will be dead within a year.
You will be divorced within a year.
You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
You will be held hostage by a radical group.
You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
You will be married within a year.
You will be misunderstood by everyone.
You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
You will be run over by a beer truck.
You will be run over by a bus.
You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
You will be subpoenaed.
You will be successful in love.
You will be successful in your work.
You will be surprised by a loud noise.
You will be surrounded by luxury.
You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
You will contract a rare disease.
You will engage in a profitable business activity.
You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
You will feel hungry again in another hour.
You will find a question of mine.
You will find me drinking gin In the lowest kind of inn, Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
You will find yourself surprised how far off course you were to hit that window jamb, that door, that chair.
You will forget that you ever knew me.
You will gain money by a fattening action.
You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
You will gain money by an illegal action.
You will gain money by an immoral action.
You will get what you deserve.
You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
You will have a head crash on your private pack.
You will have a long and boring life.
You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
You will have long and healthy life.
You will have many recoverable tape errors.
You will have two advantages: first, there be only your story; forget Mother Teresa.
You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
You will inherit millions of dollars.
You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
You will live to see your grandchildren.
You will lose an important disk file.
You will lose an important tape file.
You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise salesman.
You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
You will never amount to much.
You will never find a more wretched hive of bugs and flamers.
You will never know hunger.
You will not be elected to public office this year.
You will not succeed, they told him.
You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
You will outgrow your usefulness.
You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
You will pass away very quickly.
You will pay for your sins.
You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day.
You will soon be in love, sez Saure, see, this line here.
You will soon forget this.
You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
You will spill soup in late evening.
You will step on the night soil of many countries.
You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your brakes are defective.
You will strengthen yourself in this way.
You will therefore permit me to repeat, emphatically, that Marley was as dead as a door-nail.
You will think of something funnier than this to add to the fortunes.
You will triumph over your enemy.
You will understand this when I tell you that I can trace my ancestry back to a protoplasmal primordial atomic globule.
You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
You will wish you hadn't.
You won't be under obligation for a peanut.
You won't find a lawyer who can change a light bulb.
You won't find many people like her.
You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
You worry too much about your job.
You would do well not to imagine profundity, he said.
You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
You wouldn't believe what I go through to avoid waking my wife, he said.
You wouldn't have seen it if you hadn't believed it.
You wouldn't see cats having waste disposal problems.
You wouldn't understand.
You write a check on the wrong bank and it covers you anyway.
You wuz suprised that they could understand you words and never respond once to all the truth they heard.
You', who is the one that wants to see it?
You'd best be getting home, he said, The nights are rather damp.
You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't be gettin' no work done at 5 a.
You'd better beat it.
You'd better go catch it!
You'd better sit down.
You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
You'd lose your head if it weren't attached.
You'll always be, What you always were, Which has nothing to do with, All to do, with her.
You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
You'll be evicted soon anyway.
You'll be the death of me.
You'll either hit it with a hammer or get a splinter in it.
You'll envy the dead.
You'll feel devilish tonight.
You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
You'll learn a lot today.
You'll like that a lot.
You'll never be the man your mother was!
You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.
You'll pay to know what you really think.
You'll probably be the only one to make the correction, so post as soon as you can.
You'll share my pad, my taxes, joint; You'll share my life - up to a point!
You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.
You'll understand when you're older.
You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.
You'll wish we were kidding.
You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
You're a creature of the night, Michael.
You're a good example of why some animals eat their young.
You're acting too big for your britches.
You're all clear now, kid.
You're all lying against my boys!
You're almost as happy as you think you are.
You're already carrying the sphere!
You're always thinking you're gonna be the one that makes 'em act different.
You're at Witt's End.
You're at the end of the road again.
You're being followed.
You're currently going through a difficult transition period called Life.
You're definitely on their list.
You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that you're growing into.
You're in charge of the last of the truffula seeds.
You're in oncoming traffic.
You're just the sort of person I imagined marrying, when I was little.
You're looking great!
You're never too old to become younger.
You're not an alcoholic unless you go to the meetings.
You're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
You're not getting away with this, Miller, one said.
You're not going to find ME knocking a guy because he pads an expense account and his home stationery carries the company emblem.
You're not going to wear THAT tie with that suit, are you?
You're on Candid Camera.
You're on the right track.
You're so analytical.
You're so dumb you don't even have wisdom teeth.
You're stuck here and there's no way out and you can only rage impotently against your persecutors.
You're talking about the American way of survival of the fittest.
You're thinking too much.
You're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy.
You're too beautiful to ignore.
You're using a keyboard!
You're welcome, I believe, is the correct response.
You're working under a slight handicap.
You've Never Seen Anything Like It!
You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
You've been Berkeley'ed!
You've been leading a dog's life.
You've been telling me to relax all the way here, and now you're telling me just to be myself?
You've got another program due, tomorrow, by the way.
You've got to admire a man like that.
You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks.
You've got to let it grow up with you, and if you're successful and you try hard enough, you're bound to come out on top, just like these boys have come to the top now.
You've got to start way down, at the bottom, when you're six or seven years old.
You've got to take it easy, work your way up to the subject.
You've got to think about tomorrow!
You've gotta be thinking about something besides baseball.
You've screwed up everything else.
You've solved the wrong problem.
You, his appointed Enemy for all Time!
Young men and young women may work systematically six days in the week and rise fresh in the morning, but let them attend modern dances for only a few hours each evening and see what happens.
Young men are fitter to invent than to judge; fitter for execution than for counsel; and fitter for new projects than for settled business.
Young men think old men are fools; but old men know young men are fools.
Young men want to be faithful and are not; old men want to be faithless and cannot.
Young men, hear an old man to whom old men hearkened when he was young.
Your 11-year-old son: What the heck is this?
Your 8-year-old daughter: You think that's bad?
Your Captain Midnight decoder ring arrives tomorrow.
Your Honor, my client is accused of stuffing his lover's mutilated body into a suitcase and heading for the Mexican border.
Your Olympics were fun, you should bring them all back For transsexual tennis or Anamalon Track, But Hollywood movies remain sinfully crude Whether seen on the telly or Remotely Viewed.
Your aim is high and to the right.
Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient.
Your attitude determines your attitude.
Your beard is an armpit, she said in disgust.
Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't really worth having.
Your birthday cake collapses from the weight of the candles.
Your blind date turns out to be your ex-wife.
Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
Your boss tells you not to bother to take off your coat.
Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
Your business will assume vast proportions.
Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
Your cab is yellow and black, and has been in use for only seven years.
Your cancelled check is your receipt.
Your car's horn is a vital piece of safety equipment.
Your client, Todd Lieman, skipped and his bail is forfeit.
Your code should be more efficient!
Your computer account is overdrawn.
Your conscience never stops you from doing anything.
Your current chick is burned up too!
Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
Your doctor tells you you're allergic to chocolate.
Your domestic life may be harmonious.
Your education begins where what is called your education is over.
Your embroidery is sloppy, she needled cruelly.
Your father is fishing in Georgia.
Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket.
Your friends do not need it and your enemies will never believe you anyway.
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
Your good nature will bring unbounded happiness.
Your good nature will bring you unbounded happiness.
Your goose is cooked.
Your guess is as good as mine.
Your hands were like paws then, your face blue and bleak But now I'm bewitched by your delicate cheek, And your little gloves fit like as on any la-dy!
Your hangover just makes it seem terrible.
Your happiness is intertwined with your outlook on life.
Your head won't touch the pillow of a Sheraton unless their computer says it's okay.
Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
Your heroes for ghosts?
Your house is on fire, Your children will burn!
Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
Your income tax check bounces.
Your income tax refund cheque bounces.
Your intricate fonts, And your output's clean as light.
Your jet takes off without a hitch, pushing above the clouds, and at 20,000 feet it explodes without warning.
Your job is being a professor and researcher: That's one hell of a good excuse for some of the brain-damages of minix.
Your kind are not welcome here.
Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
Your love life will be.
Your lover will never wish to leave you.
Your lucky color has faded.
Your lucky number has been disconnected.
Your machine just moves the dust around the room, Booth informed him.
Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not original and the part that is original is not good.
Your mimeograph machine upsets my stomach!
Your mind understands what you have been taught; your heart, what is true.
Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.
Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.
Your mother approves of the person you're dating.
Your mother thinks you are.
Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberrys!
Your mother's husband died 22 years ago.
Your mother, by the pigeonhole principle.
Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.
Your name wouldn't be Dick, would it?
Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself.
Your own mileage may vary.
Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
Your parents will not be pleased with this plan, because they want you all to themselves and because in the presence of your friend, they will have to act like mature human beings.
Your password is pitifully obvious.
Your pastoral walking aid and quadrupic pickup unit introduce me into a pleasurific mood state.
Your pet rock snaps at you.
Your picture of the world often changes just before you get it into focus.
Your pictures and signs.
Your point is thirteen.
Your postings are much more worthwhile than other people's, so it would be a waste to reply by mail.
Your present plans will be successful.
Your program is sick!
Your program will then run correctly, replied the master.
Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
Your responsibility as a parent is not as great as you might imagine.
Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
Your son can live a normal life now: we can graft a body onto his head!
Your step will soil many countries.
Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par.
Your supervisor is thinking about you.
Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
Your talking quite fits 'ee for compa-ny!
Your tape drive will skip.
Your telephone is connected to a local computer, which is in turn connected to a regional computer, which is in turn connected to a loudspeaker the size of a garbage truck on the lawn of Edna A.
Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
Your twin sister forgot your birthday.
Your visual, olfactory, and auditory senses Contribute to your hunting skills and natural defenses.
Your wife wakes up feeling amorous and you have a headache.
Your wig steers the gig.
Your wise men don't know how it feels To be thick as a brick.
Your worship is your furnaces which, like old idols, lost obscenes, have molten bowels; your vision is machines for making more machines.
Youre two numbers, a dash, three more numbers, another dash and another number.
Yours is not to reason why, Just to Sail Away.
Youth doesn't excuse everything.
Youth had been a habit of hers so long that she could not part with it.
Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
Youth is not a time of life, it is a state of mind; it is a temper of the will, a quality of the imagination, a vigor of the emotions, a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over love of ease.
Youth is such a wonderful thing.
Youth is the trustee of posterity.
Youth is when you blame all your troubles on your parents; maturity is when you learn that everything is the fault of the younger generation.
Zebras are colored with dark stripes on a light background.
Zeus gave Leda the bird.
'Tis the time's plague when madmen lead the blind.
A Bayesian is one who, vaguely expecting a horse, and catching a glimpse of a donkey, strongly believes he has seen a mule.
A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems. Corollary: A co-mathematician is a device for turning ffee into co-theorems.
A procedure should fit on a page.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that's not what ships are built for.
A specification, design, procedure, or test plan that will not fit on one page of 8.5 x 11-inch paper cannot be understood.
A statistician is a person who draws a mathematically precise line from an unwarranted assumption to a foregone conclusion.
A statistician is someone who is good with numbers but lacks the personality to be an accountant.
A wise man proportions his belief to the evidence.
All knowledge degenerates into probability.
All models are wrong, but some are useful.
All problems in computer science can be solved by another level of indirection, except for the problem of too many layers of indirection.
Amateurs talk strategy and professionals talk logistics.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, more violent. It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage - to move in the opposite direction.
Any program is a model of a model within a theory of a model of an abstraction of some portion of the world or of some universe of discourse.
Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random numbers is, of course, in a state of sin.
Artificial Intelligence is not 'man versus machine.' It is 'man with machines' versus 'man without machines.'
As a programmer, it's your job to put yourself out of business. What you can do today can be automated tomorrow.
As one Google Translate engineer put it, 'when you go from 10,000 training examples to 10 billion training examples, it all starts to work. Data trumps everything.'
Be careful that victories do not carry the seeds of future defeats.
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
Build one to throw away - you will anyway.
Building a four-foot tower requires a steady hand, a level surface, and 10 undamaged beer cans. Building a 400-foot tower doesn't merely require 100 times as many beer cans.
Coming up with features is difficult, time-consuming, and requires expert knowledge. 'Applied machine learning' is basically feature engineering.
Complexity kills. It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build, and test, it introduces security challenges and it causes end-users and administrators frustration.
Controlling complexity is the essence of computer programming.
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it.
Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
Either America will destroy ignorance or ignorance will destroy the United States.
Eschew clever rules.
Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it.
Every time I fire a linguist, the performance of the speech recognizer goes up.
Every twenty-minute job is one broken bolt away from becoming a three-day ordeal.
Everything is interesting if you go into it deeply enough.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Far better an approximate answer to the right question, which is often vague, than an exact answer to the wrong question which can always be made precise.
Finding your bug is a process of confirming the many things that you believe are true - until you find one which is not true.
He uses statistics as a drunken man uses lamp-posts: for support rather than illumination.
He who aims to keep abreast is forever second best.
Hofstadter's law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's law.
Humankind cannot bear very much reality.
I beseech you, in the bowels of Christ, think it possible you may be mistaken!
I have wished to understand the hearts of men. I have wished to know why the stars shine. And I have tried to apprehend the Pythagorean power by which number holds sway above the flux.
I would rather have questions that can't be answered than answers that can't be questioned.
If a man will begin with certainties, he shall end in doubts; but if he will be content to begin with doubts he shall end in certainties.
If it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth.
If it works, it's obsolete.
If it's your decision, it's design; if not, it's a requirement.
If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is.
If they can get you asking the wrong questions, they don't have to worry about answers.
If we'd asked the customers what they wanted, they would have said, 'faster horses.'
If you can't write it down in English, you can't code it.
If you don't see the use of it, I certainly won't let you clear it away. Go away and think. Then, when you can come back and tell me that you *do* see the use of it, I *may* allow you to destroy it.
If your experiment needs statistics, you ought to have done a better experiment.
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge.
In non-I/O-bound programs, a few percent of the source code typically accounts for over half the run time.
In our business, one in a million is next Tuesday.
Inside every large program is a small program trying to get out.
It ain't what you don't know that gets you in trouble. It's what you know for sure that just ain't so.
It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data.
It is unworthy of excellent men to lose hours like slaves in the labour of calculation which could safely be relegated to anyone else if machines were used.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts. Wisdom lies in simplification.
Knowledge is power. France is Bacon.
Learning to program teaches you how to think. Computer science is a liberal art.
Less than 10 percent of the code has to do with the ostensible purpose of the system; the rest deals with input-output, data validation, data structure maintenance, and other housekeeping.
Make it work, make it right, make it fast.
Measure what is measurable, and make measurable what is not so.
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight.
Men must be taught as if you taught them not, And things unknown proposed as things forgot.
Models should be as simple as possible, but not more so.
No one has ever found a bug in a piece of vaporware.
Nothing is more permanent than a temporary solution.
On a log-log plot, my grandmother fits on a straight line.
One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny.
Organizations which design systems are constrained to produce designs which are copies of the communication structures of these organizations.
Our responsibility is to do what we can, learn what we can, improve the solutions, and pass them on.
People don't want to buy a quarter-inch drill; they want a quarter-inch hole.
People worry that computers will get too smart and take over the world, but the real problem is that they're too stupid and they've already taken over the world.
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Science is simply common sense at its best, that is, rigidly accurate in observation, and merciless to fallacy in logic.
Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration.
Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it. And to make matters worse: complexity sells better.
Simplicity is hard to build, easy to use, and hard to charge for. Complexity is easy to build, hard to use, and easy to charge for.
Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability.
So much complexity in software comes from trying to make one thing do two things.
Some of the greatest discoveries consist mainly in the clearing away of psychological roadblocks which obstruct the approach to reality; which is why, *post factum*, they appear so obvious.
Some people will never learn anything, for this reason, because they understand everything too soon.
Some people, when confronted with a problem, think 'I know, I'll use multithreading.' Nothhw tpe yawrve o oblems.
Sometimes, the elegant implementation is a function. Not a method. Not a class. Not a framework. Just a function.
Statistics is the grammar of science.
Statistics means never having to say you're certain.
Study hard what interests you the most in the most undisciplined, irreverent and original manner possible.
Such is modern computing: everything simple is made too complicated because it's easy to fiddle with: everything complicated stays complicated because it is hard to fix.
Taking fun as simply fun, and earnestness in earnest, shows how thoroughly thou none of the two discernest.
The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak.
The actual and physical conduct of an experiment must govern the statistical procedure of its interpretation.
The cardinal sin is to make a choice without knowing you are making one.
The cheapest, fastest, and most reliable components of a computer system are those that aren't there.
The essence of XML is this: the problem it solves is not hard, and it does not solve the problem well.
The fastest I/O is no I/O.
The first 90 percent of the code accounts for the first 90 percent of the development time. The remaining 10 percent of the code accounts for the other 90 percent of the development time.
The first step in fixing a broken program is getting it to fail repeatably.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
The key to understanding complicated things is to know what not to look at.
The most effective debugging tool is still careful thought, coupled with judiciously placed print statements.
The most important single aspect of software development is to be clear about what you are trying to build.
The only good is knowledge and the only evil is ignorance.
The only relevant test of the validity of a hypothesis is comparison of its predictions with experience.
The only three numbers a programmer should ever care about are zero, one, and infinity.
The psychological profiling of a programmer is mostly the ability to shift levels of abstraction, from low level to high level. To see something in the small and to see something in the large.
The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise.
The purpose of software engineering is to control complexity, not to create it.
The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim.
The road to programming hell is paved with global variables.
The secret to success is an even number of sign errors.
The term 'exponential' is used quadratically too often.
The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent full of doubt.
The whole point of getting things done is knowing what to leave undone.
The world would be a much simpler place if one could bring about social change merely by making a logically consistent moral argument.
There are only two hard problems in computer science: cache invalidation, naming things, and off-by-one errors.
There are three types of lies: lies, damn lies, and statistics.
There are two ways of constructing software. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. The other is to make it so complex that there are no obvious deficiencies.
This too shall pass.
Thompson's rule for first-time telescope makers: It is faster to make a four-inch mirror then a six-inch mirror than to make a six-inch mirror.
To consult the statistician after an experiment is finished is often merely to ask him to conduct a postmortem examination. He can perhaps say what the experiment died of.
Trust, but verify.
Truth is ever to be found in simplicity, and not in the multiplicity and confusion of things.
UNIX is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity.
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
We build our computer systems the way we build our cities: over time, without a plan, on top of ruins.
We try things. Occasionally they even work.
What I cannot create, I do not understand.
When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion.
When in doubt, use brute force.
When you believe in things that you don't understand, then you suffer: superstition ain't the way.
With a sufficient number of users of an API, it does not matter what you promise in the contract: all observable behaviors of your system will be depended on by somebody.
With four parameters I can fit an elephant, and with five I can make him wiggle his trunk.
Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file.
You can't fix by analysis what you bungled by design.
You either believe in the law of the excluded middle, or you don't.
You know that algorithm that all the papers make fun of in their intro? Implement that and forget the rest of the paper.
You think you know when you can learn, are more sure when you can write, even more when you can teach, but certain when you can program.
