Albert Einstein, when asked to describe radio, replied: You see, wire telegraph is a kind of a very, very long cat.
Alcohol has an unusual effect on excess JELL-O.
Alcohol is the anesthesia by which we endure the operation of life.
Alcohol, hashish, prussic acid, strychnine are weak dilutions.
Alcoholics Anonymous is when you get to drink under someone else's name.
Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall, Aleph-null bottles of beer, You take one down, and pass it around, Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.
Alert, like a general on the battlefield.
Alex Haley was adopted!
Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well in New York, and still waiting for a dial tone.
Alexander Hamilton started the U.
Alexander Pope called him wretched Wither and Dryden said of his verse that if they rhymed and rattled all was well.
Alexander the Great was a great general.
Alfas, Fiats, and Lancias full of excited Italians.
Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most important programming language yet developed.
Alice corrected herself.
Alice felt even more indignant at this suggestion.
Alice said, trying to feel interested.
Alice, who was by this time completely bewildered.
Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
Alimony is a system by which, when two people make a mistake, one of them continues to pay for it.
Alimony is like buying oats for a dead horse.
Alimony is the curse of the writing classes.
Alimony is the high cost of leaving.
Aliquid melius quam pessimum optimum non est.
Alive without breath, As cold as death; Never thirsty, ever drinking, All in mail ever clinking.
All Bibles are man-made.
All Drake's Cakes are goyish.
All Finagle Laws may be bypassed by learning the simple art of doing without thinking.
All God's children are not beautiful.
All I ask is a chance to prove that money can't make me happy.
All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
All I kin say is when you finds yo'self wanderin' in a peach orchard, ya don't go lookin' for rutabagas.
All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
All I need to have a good time, Is a reefer, a woman and a bottle of wine.
All I want is a little more than I'll ever get.
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
All I want is more than my fair share.
All I want is to never grow old, I want to wash in a bathtub of gold.
All I'm after is just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
All I've got left on the list of desirable vocations is heiress to the throne of any country in Western Europe and Laurie Anderson.
All a friend can say is Ain't it a shame?
All a man needs out of life is a place to sit 'n' spit in the fire.
All are doing fine except a pair of snakes.
All art is but imitation of nature.
All articles that coruscate with resplendence are not truly auriferous.
All aspirin is alike.
All at once she saw an extremely ugly bull frog seated on a log and to her amazement the frog spoke to her.
All bad precedents began as justifiable measures.
All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely than others.
All constants are variables.
All conversations with a potato should be conducted in private.
All depends, the native drawled.
All diplomacy is a continuation of war by other means.
All fortunes will be acknowledged.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
All great discoveries are made by mistake.
All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
All green and wrinkled.
All he has to do is get up every morning and say, How's the President?
All he has to do to be hissed is to live long enough.
All he knows is that Lincoln speech anyway.
All heiresses are beautiful.
All his life he has looked away.
All hope abandon, ye who enter here!
All husbands are alike, but they have different faces so you can tell them apart.
All in all, it was all just bricks in the wall.
All intelligent species own cats.
All is fear in love and war.
All is well that ends well.
All it costs is my soul!
All kings is mostly rapscallions.
All language designers are arrogant.
All laws are basically false.
All laws are simulations of reality.
All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
All men have the right to wait in line.
All men know the utility of useful things; but they do not know the utility of futility.
All men profess honesty as long as they can.
All mimsy were the borogroves And the mome raths outgrabe.
All models over 18 years of age.
All most men really want in life is a wife, a house, two kids and a car, a cat, no maybe a dog.
All most people want is a little more than they'll ever get.
All my autopsies have been performed on dead people.
All my friends and I are crazy.
All my friends are getting married, Yes, they're all growing old, They're all staying home on the weekend, They're all doing what they're told.
All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific.
All my life I've been wondering what I am, said the rabbit, Do you think you could help me find out?
All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.
All of a sudden, here he comes.
All of life is a blur of Republicans and meat!
All of the animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
All of the people in my building are insane.
All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies.
All of us should treasure his Oriental wisdom and his preaching of a Zen-like detachment, as exemplified by his constant reminder to clerks, tellers, or others who grew excited by his presence in their banks: Just lie down on the floor and keep calm.
All of which proves the old theorem that: The sons of the squaw of the hippopotamus are equal to the sons of the squaws of the other two hides.
All one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
All other loyalties are merely deputies of that one.
All other things being equal, a bald man cannot be elected President of the United States.
All others please ignore.
All over the place, from the popular culture to the propaganda system, there is constant pressure to make people feel that they are helpless, that the only role they can have is to ratify decisions and to consume.
All parameters are hard-coded.
All parts should go together without forcing.
All passengers believe they got there.
All patties would be heated up and then cooled back down in electronic devices immediately before serving.
All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
All power corrupts, but we need electricity.
All principles of gravity are negated by fear.
All proffered samples of learning must go to the same assay-room and be subjected to common tests.
All programmers are optimists.
All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
All progress is based upon a universal innate desire of every organism to live beyond its income.
All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
All seems condemned in the long run to approximate a state akin to Gaussian noise.
All snakes who wish to remain in Ireland will please raise their right hands.
All software is supplied as is, without guarantee.
All strong interests easily become impersonal, the love of a good job well done.
All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
All that glitters is not gold; all that wander are not lost.
All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost; The old that is strong does not wither, Deep roots are not reached by the frost.
All the big corporations depreciate their possessions, and you can, too, provided you use them for business purposes.
All the computers were linked together.
All the easy problems have been solved.
All the evidence concerning the universe has not yet been collected, so there's still hope.
All the good ones are taken.
All the king's horses, And all the king's men, Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!
All the lonely users, where do they all come from?
All the lonely users, why does it take so long?
All the men on my staff can type.
All the other prehistoric people were out puncturing each other with spears, and the wise men were back in the cave saying: How about: Would you please take my wife?
All the paintings were hung on refrigerators.
All the passengers scramble aboard, as do the 200 technicians needed to keep it from crashing.
All the passions make us commit faults; love makes us commit the most ridiculous ones.
All the people are so happy now, their heads are caving in.
All the postmasters in small towns read all the postcards.
All the really good ideas I ever had came to me while I was milking a cow.
All the schedules, the brochures, The bright-colored posters full of lies, Promise rides to a distant country That no longer exists.
All the simple programs have been written.
All the student hackers loved that fractal Puff But DCS did not like Puff, and finally said, Enough!
All the taxes paid over a lifetime by the average American are spent by the government in less than a second.
All the terrible temper tantrums, crying, and threats are eliminated.
All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
All the villagers but the stupidest ran off to spread the wonderful news.
All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
All theoretical chemistry is really physics; and all theoretical chemists know it.
All these kernels together hardly make up one byte, and she popped them out the window.
All these places had their moments With lovers and friends I still recall.
All things are either sacred or profane.
All things are possible, except for skiing through a revolving door.
All things being equal, you are bound to lose.
All things considered, life is 9 to 5 against.
All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
All things, those previously trivial as well as those once thought important, became absolutely equal by acquiring an absolute value, revealing relationships not evident to ordinary vision.
All this wheeling and dealing around, why, it isn't for money, it's for fun.
All those flies are trapped.
All those who think Mia Farrow should go back to making movies where the devil gets her pregnant and Woody Allen should go back to dressing up as a human sperm, please raise your hands.
All trails have more uphill sections than they have downhill sections.
All true wisdom is found on T-shirts.
All warranty and guarantee clauses become null and void upon payment of invoice.
All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers.
All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information.
All were court-martialed and shot, except Hidalgo, because he was a priest.
All will be suspended, and I don't care if it wrecks the National League for five years.
All work and no pay makes a housewife.
All you do is sit at a typewriter and open a vein.
All you have to do is take a close look at yourself and you will understand everyone else.
All you need do is leave them just as they are, call on Lord Halifax two or three months hence, thank him for his kind observation on those passages, and then read them to him as altered.
All you need is gold.
All you need is the Famous Programmers' Course and enough money to keep those lessons coming month after month.
All your people must learn before you can reach for the stars.
All's well that ends.
Alliance: In international politics, the union of two thieves who have their hands so deeply inserted in each other's pocket that they cannot separately plunder a third.
Allocate an array and free the middle third?
Allow four liters of Fallian marsh gas to bubble through it.
Allow me to sell you a couple?
Allows you to drink Windows 3.
Almost anything derogatory you could say about today's software design would be accurate.
Almost as good as the competition.
Almost before the student had finished his question, Greenblatt shouted, FOO!
Almost everyone aboard was lost, except for the magician and the parrot.
Almost everything in life is easier to get into than out of.
Alone, only a harmless pet.
Already an industry non-classic, the new version sports such overwhelming features as an overview of a Linux system, a completely new climbing session in a tree, and a list of acknowledgements in the introduction.
Already the spirit of our schooling is permeated with the feeling that every subject, every topic, every fact, every professed truth must be submitted to a certain publicity and impartiality.
Alright, agreed the husband.
Also attributed to David Merrick.
Also attributed to Johnny Carson.
Also attributed to S.
Also contributing to the powerful defense is junior tackle Angus MacWhirter, a Scotsman who rounds out the offensive ethnic joke.
Also in the case are four fully loaded, 32-round clips of 125-grain 9mm ammunition.
Also my good Sackville Bagginses that I welcome back at last to Bag End.
Also put please ignore on your test messages, since we all know that everybody always skips a message with a line like that.
Also refers to electronic black boxes.
Also, avoid awkward or affected alliteration.
Also, if you examine a woman's skin very closely, inch by inch, starting at her shapely ankles, then gently tracing the slender curve of her calves, then moving up to her.
Also, the Scots are said to have invented golf.
Also, there are some things even a rat won't do.
Although Enesco feared the consequences, he arranged a recital at the Salle Gaveau in Paris.
Although I don't know WHY!
Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
Although it is still a truism in industry that no one was ever fired for buying IBM, Bill O'Neil, the chief technology officer at Drexel Burnham Lambert, says he knows for a fact that someone has been fired for just that reason.
Although many compilers allow you to take a coffee break while they compile, SLOBOL compilers allow you to travel to Bolivia to pick the coffee.
Although the algorithm follows and critically depends upon the appropriate structure of the input, as in the case of multivariate factorization, we cannot claim that the algorithm is a natural one.
Although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away.
Although we modern persons tend to take our electric lights, radios, mixers, etc.
Always a champion of monogamy, she is cooking up some fancy new diseases.
Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
Always do what you're best at, that's what I say.
Always draw your curves, then plot your reading.
Always draw your curves, then plot your readings.
Always gets his stuff to work!
Always has full SYS-PRIV's, Sure sends a mean packet.
Always hopeful, yet discontent, He knows changes aren't permanent - But change is.
Always it is the brave ones who die, the soldiers.
Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.
Always look over your shoulder because everyone is watching and plotting against you.
Always make sure followups go to all the groups.
Always pick on the correct idiom.
Always remember that you are absolutely unique, just like everyone else.
Always remember that you are unique.
Always someone loving something more than that thing loves them.
Always store beer in a dark place.
Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
Always there remain portions of our heart into which no one is able to enter, invite them as we may.
Always think of something new; this helps you forget your last rotten idea.
Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing that way.
Always try to exhort others to look upon you favorably.
Am I doing it correctly?
Am quite myself again.
Amazing Electronic Fact: If you scuffed your feet long enough without touching anything, you would build up so many electrons that your finger would explode!
Ambiguity: Telling the truth when you don't mean to.
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
America has a very strong candidate in La Dur, a fearsome looking schnauzer hound, who was retired from the Orlando police force in Florida in 1978.
America has been discovered before, but it has always been hushed up.
America is a stronger nation for the ACLU's uncompromising effort.
America is the country where you buy a lifetime supply of aspirin for one dollar, and use it up in two weeks.
America may be unique in being a country which has leapt from barbarism to decadence without touching civilization.
America was discovered by Amerigo Vespucci and was named after him, until people got tired of living in a place called Vespuccia and changed its name to America.
America works less, when you say Union Yes!
America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.
America, how can I write a holy litany in your silly mood?
America: born free and taxed to death.
American business long ago gave up on demanding that prospective employees be honest and hardworking.
American by birth; Texan by the grace of God.
American culture is based on the automobile, and any young man of promise is going to own one and want to travel great distances in it.
Americans are people who insist on living in the present, tense.
Americans' greatest fear is that America will turn out to have been a phenomenon, not a civilization.
Amie shyly stood up, scuffed her feet and said, My father is a mailman.
AmigaDOS Beer: The company has gone out of business, but their recipe has been picked up by some weird German company, so now this beer will be an import.
Amnesia used to be my favorite word, but then I forgot it.
Among economists, the real world is often a special case.
Among other details of his mistress which he chose to immortalize was her prudent choice of footwear.
Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
An Academic speculated whether a bather is beautiful if there is none in the forest to admire her.
An Ada exception is when a routine gets in trouble and says 'Beam me up, Scotty'.
An American is a man with two arms and four wheels.
An American scientist once visited the offices of the great Nobel prize winning physicist, Niels Bohr, in Copenhagen.
An American's a person who isn't afraid to criticize the president but is always polite to traffic cops.
An Animal that knows who it is, one that has a sense of his own identity, is a discontented creature, doomed to create new problems for himself for the duration of his stay on this planet.
An Apple's MOS memory don't use no core!
An Egyptian who was pressed for time.
An English judge, growing weary of the barrister's long-winded summation, leaned over the bench and remarked, I've heard your arguments, Sir Geoffrey, and I'm none the wiser!
An Englishman never enjoys himself, except for a noble purpose.
An Hacker there was, one of the finest sort Who controlled the system; graphics was his sport.
An abrupt change of mind after being found out.
An absolute monarchy is one in which the sovereign does as he pleases so long as he pleases the assassins.
An abundance of these bad cells can cause symptoms related to senility, apathy, depression, and overall poor academic performance.
An access method whereby one computer abuses many people.
An accident that couldn't wait to happen.
An accrual of straws on the backs of theories.
An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
An affliction of the blood.
An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because people refuse to see it.
An agreeable sensation arising from contemplating the misery of another.
An aide once asked him how he could so freely contradict this week what he had said just last week.
An air of FRENCH FRIES permeates my nostrils!
An airplane pilot got engaged to two very pretty women at the same time.
An alcoholic is a person who drinks more than his own physician.
An alcoholic is someone you don't like who drinks as much as you do.
An alert IBMer finally noticed that the problem was in the terminal's keyboard: the tops of two keys were switched.
An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
An ambassador is an honest man sent abroad to lie and intrigue for the benefit of his country.
An amendment to a motion may be amended, but an amendment to an amendment to a motion may not be amended.
An ancient proverb summed it up: when a wizard is tired of looking for broken glass in his dinner, it ran, he is tired of life.
An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax.
An aphorism is never exactly true; it is either a half-truth or one-and-a-half truths.
An apolitical education is also political because it is purposely isolating.
An appalling amalgam of carnage and carnality!
An apple a day makes 365 apples a year.
An apple every eight hours will keep three doctors away.
An archaic school where football is not taught.
An architect's first work is apt to be spare and clean.
An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.
An atom-blaster is a good weapon, but it can point both ways.
An attorney was defending his client against a charge of first-degree murder.
An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you really care to know.
An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
An economist is a man who would marry Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.
An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
An efficient and a successful administration manifests itself equally in small as in great matters.
An egghead is one who stands firmly on both feet, in mid-air, on both sides of an issue.
An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
An elderly couple were flying to their Caribbean hideaway on a chartered plane when a terrible storm forced them to land on an uninhabited island.
An electronic computer might do the job a little faster but it wouldn't be as much fun to watch.
An elegant new standard in quality excellence and discriminating handcraftsmanship.
An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
An elusive creature living in a program that makes it incorrect.
An engineer, a physicist and a mathematician find themselves in an anecdote, indeed an anecdote quite similar to many that you have no doubt already heard.
An enormous man, standing over eight feet tall and weighing an easy 400 pounds, rode in on a bull, using a rattlesnake for a whip.
An entire fraternity of strapping Wall-Street-bound youth.
An evil mind is a great comfort.
An excellence-oriented '80s male does not wear a regular watch.
An excellent restaurant wouldn't have a table ready immediately for anybody below the rank of Liza Minnelli.
An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
An expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
An extensive network with many on-line and offshore subsystems running under OS, DOS, and IOS.
An eye in a blue face Saw an eye in a green face.
An honest god is the noblest work of man.
An honest politician is one who when he is bought will stay bought.
An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
An hour later, when wandered through the house, he found her looking at a puddle in the center of the kitchen.
An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God.
An idea is not responsible for the people who believe in it.
An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup.
An idle mind is worth two in the bush.
An imbedded system can't permanently trust anything it hears from the outside world.
An inamorato is somebody in love.
An inclined plane is a slope up.
An incorrect model can be a useful tool.
An index of the lack of development of a culture.
An infallible method of conciliating a tiger is to allow oneself to be devoured.
An innovative feature of DOGO is puppy graphics, a small cocker spaniel that occasionally leaves a deposit as it travels across the screen.
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
An interesting footnote to this design is that now a system failure can usually be considered to be the result of two program errors: the first, in the program that started the problem; the second, in the recovery routine that could not protect the system.
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
An issue or two of a journal devoted to your proof is useful.
An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
An object will fall so as to do the most damage.
An odd sort of person with a thing for pain.
An offer you can't understand.
An office party is not, as is sometimes supposed the Managing Director's chance to kiss the tea-girl.
An old man goes fishing, but doesn't have much luck.
An older student came to Otis and said, I have been to see a great number of teachers and I have given up a great number of pleasures.
An open mind has but one disadvantage: it collects dirt.
An operating system, replied the programmer.
An optimist believes we live in the best world possible; a pessimist fears this is true.
An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
An optimist is a man who looks forward to marriage.
An ordinary man a long way from home.
An organization dries up if you don't challenge it with growth.
An ounce of application is worth a ton of abstraction.
An ounce of clear truth is worth a pound of obfuscation.
An ounce of hypocrisy is worth a pound of ambition.
An ounce of mother is worth a ton of priest.
An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of purge.
An ounce of prevention is worth a ton of code.
An unbreakable toy is useful for breaking other toys.
An uncomfortable sort of age.
An unknown beginner to be directed by Lubitsch, in a script by Wilder and Brackett, and to play with Paramount's two superstars, Gary Cooper and Claudette Colbert, and to be beaten up by both of them!
An unreliable programming language generating unreliable programs constitutes a far greater risk to our environment and to our society than unsafe cars, toxic pesticides, or accidents at nuclear power stations.
An unspecified physical object, a widget.
An unsuccessful attempt to find bugs.
Anarchy may not be a better form of government, but it's better than no government at all.
And, of course, you have the commercials where savvy businesspeople Get Ahead by using their MacIntosh computers to create the ultimate American business product: a really sharp-looking report.
And, there was a Princess in a neighboring kingdom who was of marriageable age.
And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going and making yourself like everybody else.
Happy the land that needs no heroes.
Angel Martin tells me you buy information.
Angels we have heard on High Tell us to go out and Buy.
Anger is momentary madness.
Anger kills as surely as the other vices.
Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen.
Animals who are not penguins can only wish they were.
Another day, another dollar.
Another dream that failed.
Another flame from greg' - need I say more?
Another goal is to establish a relationship in which it is OK for everybody to do their best.
Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Another greeting card category consists of those persons who send out photographs of their families every year.
Another important grammar concept to bear in mind when creating hand- lettered small-business signs is that you should put quotation marks around random words for decoration, as in TRY OUR HOT DOG'S, or even TRY OUR HOT DOG'S.
Another man's, I mean.
Another of our graduates writes, I recently completed a database-management program for my department manager.
Another state in the northeast United States.
Another student writes After only five lessons I sold a My Most Unforgettable Program article to Corrosive Computing magazine.
Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
Another versatile equation also emerged, one which would define a function that would continue to grow, but never reach unity.
Another whom we adore when he plays the piano turned the pages.
Another writer again agreed with all my generalities, but said that as an inveterate skeptic I have closed my mind to the truth.
Answer a fool according to his folly, lest he be wise in his own conceit.
Answers to electric can opener.
Anthropologists call this a form of primitive self-expression.
Anti-trust laws should be approached with exactly that attitude.
Antonio Antonio Uttered a dismal moanio And went off and hid Or I'm told that he did In the Antartical Zonio.
Anxious to find shelter for the night, he walked over to a farmhouse and knocked on the front door.
Any activity that can't be done while smoking should be avoided.
Any animal leading a blind person shall be deemed to be a cat.
Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behavior.
Any automobile that, when left unattended, attracts shopping carts.
Any circuit design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development.
Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
Any computer design over 10 years old is obsolete.
Any computer with a mouse is worthless.
Any cook who swears in French.
Any country with democratic in the title isn't.
Any coward can sit in his home and criticize a pilot for flying into a mountain in a fog.
Any excuse will serve a tyrant.
Any father who thinks he's all important should remind himself that this country honors fathers only one day a year while pickles get a whole week.
Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know how to lie well.
Any further difficulties, open the second envelope.
Any girl can be glamorous; all you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
Any given program costs more and takes longer.
Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.
Any given program will expand to fill available memory.
Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that!
Any man who has lived at all knows the follies and wickedness he's capable of.
Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
Any medium powerful enough to extend man's reach is powerful enough to topple his world.
Any member introducing a dog into the Society's premises shall be liable to a fine of one pound.
Any mind that would audaciously put itself forth to work all alone is surely a bad example for the students, and probably, if not downright antisocial, at least a little off-center, self-indulgent, elitist.
Any news from the President on a successor?
Any of the millions of Styrofoam wads that accompany mail-order items.
Any one of its divisions could comprise an entire business.
Any partnership demands that we give and give and give and at the last, as we flop into our graves exhausted, we are told that we didn't give enough.
Any philosophy that can be put in a nutshell belongs there.
Any program which runs right is obsolete.
Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.
Any recipe calling for soybeans tastes like mud.
Any resemblance between the above and my own views is non-deterministic.
Any resemblance between the above views and those of my employer, my terminal, or the view out my window are purely coincidental.
Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.
Any road followed to its end leads precisely nowhere.
Any simple idea will be worded in the most complicated way.
Any stone in your boot always migrates against the pressure gradient to exactly the point of most pressure.
Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
Any time things appear to be going better, you have overlooked something.
Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
Any violent rearrangement of feline matter is impermanent.
Any woman is a volume if one knows how to read her.
Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
Anybody that wants the presidency so much that he'll spend two years organizing and campaigning for it is not to be trusted with the office.
Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is probably parked.
Anybody who goes on a tour is a Bozo.
Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
Anyone attempting to generate random numbers by deterministic means is, of course, living in a state of sin.
Anyone can do any amount of work provided it isn't the work he is supposed to be doing at the moment.
Anyone can hold the helm when the sea is calm.
Anyone can learn how to hack, but Engineering doesn't come nearly as easily.
Anyone can make an omelet with eggs.
Anyone in Mexico who can run, swim or jump is already in LA.
Anyone in your company who is more senior than you are.
Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.
Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human.
Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation of these atoms is talking moonshine.
Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
Anyone who has attended a USENIX conference in a fancy hotel can tell you that a sentence like You're one of those computer people, aren't you?
Anyone who has had a bull by the tail knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't.
Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time as the strawberries, knows nothing about grapes.
Anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job.
Anyone who knows history, particularly the history of Europe, will, I think, recognize that the domination of education or of government by any one particular religious faith is never a happy arrangement for the people.
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
Anyone who thinks UNIX is intuitive should be forced to write 5000 lines of code using nothing but vi or emacs.
Anyone who uses the phrase easy as taking candy from a baby has never tried taking candy from a baby.
Anything anybody can say about America is true.
Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator.
Anything cut to length will be too short.
Anything done while honking your horn is legal.
Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr.
Anything for your wife, sir?
Anything free is worth what you pay for it.
Anything good in life is either illegal, immoral, or fattening.
Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
Anything is possible if you don't know what you are talking about.
Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.
Anything is possible on paper.
Anything is possible, unless it's not.
Anything made by IBM is junk.
Anything not fitting into these categories causes cancer in rats.
Anything that begins well will end badly.
Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.
Anything that is worth doing has been done frequently.
Anything that seems of momentous occasion should be dwelt upon as though it were of slight note.
Anything worth doing is worth overdoing.
Anyway, it keeps me busy!
Anywhere outside a university.
Apart from the unknowns, everything is obvious.
Apathy Club meeting this Friday.
Apollo 11's LEM, Eagle, to Johnson Space Center, Houston July 20, 1969, 7:27 P.
Apparently it is so fast it can photograph an American with his mouth shut!
Apparently then, the date of conception was August 8th?
Apparently, the Kraft board of directors had all but signed the takeover agreement when they learned of Philip Morris' marketing plans for one of their major Middle East subsidiaries.
Appearances often are deceiving.
Appendix: A portion of a book, for which nobody yet has discovered any use.
Apply only to affected area.
Approaching her, he introduced himself and, after some quiet conversation, said, I'm afraid you and I don't really fit in with this jaded group.
Approaching the back door he was startled to see an apparition of the old cat mournfully holding its severed tail out, silently pleading for Gabe to put the tail back on its corpse so that it could go on to the kitty afterworld complete.
Approaching the gates of the monastery, Hakuin found Ken the Zen preaching to a group of disciples.
April 1: This is the day upon which we are reminded of what we are on the other three hundred and sixty-four.
April 2, 1751: Issac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.
April is the cruellest month.
Aquavit is also considered useful for medicinal purposes, an essential ingredient in what I was once told is the Norwegian cure for the common cold.
Aquavit may be hard to find and expensive to boot.
Archibald Leach Edward G.
Are Frogs Turing Compatible?
Are they really bitter?
Are they taking no-fault insurance lying down?
Are we beginning all over again to produce our credentials?
Are we laid back yet?
Are we live or on tape?
Are we on STRIKE yet?
Are we, as the saying goes, giving away the store?
Are you ever going to do the dishes?
Are you having fun yet?
Are you making all this up as you go along?
Are you mentally here at Pizza Hut?
Are you obnoxious, obsessed?
Are you police officers?
Are you selling NYLON OIL WELLS?
Are you sure the back door is locked?
Are you sure you're not an encyclopedia salesman?
Are you sure you're telling the truth?
Are you the foreman around here?
Are you the self-frying president?
Are you willing to go ahead?
Are your glasses mended with a strip of masking tape right over your nose?
Aren't we all out on our own recognizance?
Aren't you ashamed of yourself?
Aren't you glad you're not getting all the government you pay for now?
Aren't you then separating people into four groups?
Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
Arguments with furniture are rarely productive.
Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
Arithmetic: An obscure art no longer practiced in the world's developed countries.
Armadillo: To provide weapons to a Spanish pickle.
Armageddon never looked so good.
Armaments Chapter One, verses nine through twenty-seven: Bro.
Armed men surrounded the jet.
Armenians and Azerbaijanis in Stepanakert, capital of the Nagorno-Karabakh autonomous region, rioted over much needed spelling reform in the Soviet Union.
Army officers there of the perilous situation.
Army unit was in a house surrounded by Cuban forces.
Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to measure progress.
Around the FUTURE and BEYOND REPAIR!
Around the turn of this century, a composer named Camille Saint-Saens wrote a satirical zoological-fantasy called Le Carnaval des Animaux.
Arrakis teaches the attitude of the knife - chopping off what's incomplete and saying: Now it's complete because it's ended here.
Arrange them to your will, each foot in place.
Arriving at the lad's fraternity house, dad rapped loudly on the door.
Art is Nature speeded up and God slowed down.
Art is a jealous mistress.
Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth.
Art is anything you can get away with.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Art is everything else.
Art is the tree of life.
Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as artificial flowers have to flowers.
Artistic ventures highlighted.
As Beren looked into her eyes Within the shadows of her hair, The trembling starlight of the skies He saw there mirrored shimmering.
As I said we tried to remove the tusks, but they were imbedded so firmly we couldn't get them out.
As I was passing Project MAC, I met a Quux with seven hacks.
As I was walking among the fires of Hell, delighted with the enjoyments of Genius; which to Angels look like torment and insanity.
As I went walking, I saw a sign there, And on the sign it said: No Trespassing.
As President I have to go vacuum my coin collection!
As Will Rogers would have said, There is no such things as a free variable.
As Zeus said to Narcissus, Watch yourself.
As a child I was deprived of licorice.
As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
As a general rule of thumb, never trust anybody who's been in therapy for more than 15 percent of their life span.
As a goatherd learns his trade by goat, so a writer learns his trade by wrote.
As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
As a metaphor for the fact that few of us fully exploit our talents, who could deny it?
As a method of sending a missile to the higher, and even to the highest parts of the earth's atmospheric envelope, Professor Goddard's rocket is a practicable and therefore promising device.
As a note, they eventually DID make the cover of RS.
As a programmer, yes, she replied, And you claimed to be very near two meters tall!
As a refuge for occultists seeking a neural basis of the miraculous, it leaves much to be desired.
As a result, the manager retained his job.
As a tracer, you must rid the computer networks of slimy, criminal data thieves.
As anyone who has ever owned a puppy already knows.
As before, the rabbit comes out with a satisfied look on his face and a diploma in his paw.
As bright as bright can be.
As cold as the bitter winter snow that was falling outside.
As compared with the statesman, he suffers the disadvantage of being alive.
As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
As distinguished from some other bar.
As failures go, attempting to recall the past is like trying to grasp the meaning of existence.
As far as I can tell, our second basewoman is a pretty good baseball player, better than I am, anyway, but there's no way to know for sure because if the ball gets anywhere near her, a male comes barging over from, say, right field, to deal with it.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
As far as we can tell, he's dead.
As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
As fast as possible get a good terminal on a good system.
As fathers commonly go, it is seldom a misfortune to be fatherless; and considering the general run of sons, as seldom a misfortune to be childless.
As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
As for the basic assumptions about individuality and self, this is the core of what I like about cyberpunk.
As for the fanatics, whose number is legion in our own time, we might be advised to leave them to heaven.
As for the truth about his health: I have asked around about it.
As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em, We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
As he designs the first work, frill after frill and embellishment after embellishment occur to him.
As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought the potato salad.
As he looked down from his tree platform and described the scene into his tape recorder, he saw two gnus grazing peacefully.
As he made his way through the crowd to the bar, a man galloped through town screaming, Big Mike's comin'!
As he neared the far curb, he noticed two young blondes in a red convertible eyeing him and giggling.
As he passed through the Gates, he paused a moment in thought, and turned to God and said, A new creature called Man, I hear, is soon to be created.
As he waited for the pitch, he heard the voice calling, Hey Dave!
As he was taken away he made a bargain with the king: in one year he would teach the king's favorite horse to sing hymns.
As her grateful offspring flocked around her shouting Oh, Mother, you saved us!
As host, your job is to make sure that they don't arrest anybody.
As in Protestant Europe, by contrast, where sects divided endlessly into smaller competing sects and no church dominated any other, all is different in the fragmented world of IBM.
As in all the arts, a romance with the material must be well under way.
As in certain cults it is possible to kill a process if you know its true name.
As in memory access, unpredictable.
As in number, predictable.
As it remains in its one position, all the other stars surround it.
As it thaws, it expands an unbelievable amount.
As long as it is somebody else's.
As long as it means that, I don't mind, said End-user humbly.
As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve The Problem, saving the documentation for later.
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination.
As long as we're going to reinvent the wheel again, we might as well try making it round this time.
As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
As man struggles to discover cheaper alternatives, we need your help.
As many of you know, I am taking a class here at UNC on Personality.
As matters stand, their only common interest is that of cutting each other's throat.
As me an' me marrer was readin' a tyape, The tyape gave a shriek mark an' tried tae escyape; It skipped ower the gyate tae the end of the field, An' jigged oot the room wi' a spool an' a reel!
As miserable as ever, replied the enlightened Kyogen.
As much as one is compelled to admire the poem's technique, one must question whether its byplay of complex literary allusions does not in fact distract from the unity of the whole.
As night falls the wagon train forms a circle, and a campfire is lit in the middle.
As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10.
As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL.
As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
As on the land while here the ocean gains, In other parts it leaves wide sandy plains; Thus in the soul while memory prevails, The solid power of understanding fails; Where beams of warm imagination play, The memory's soft figures melt away.
As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs; a process that traditionally requires some debugging.
As she began to get up, she quickly added, Oh, and God, this is goodbye.
As soon as he had downed his second drink, the fellow hopped back onto the stool.
As soon as no more of it she could hear The lady, indignant, removed her ear.
As soon as the competitor approaches the pot, he falls into the pit - John C.
As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought.
As speed increases, objects can be in several places at once.
As the amount of affection increases, the entertainment can be reduced proportionately.
As the basses grew more and more inebriated, two of them fell asleep.
As the bird flew off, Nasrudin called after it, Foolish bird!
As the fragrance of acacia.
As the garbage collector runs, it may ask you something like Do you remember what SI:RDTBL-TRANS does?
As the sun rises on the morning of the fourth day, the parrot walks over to the magician's end of the log.
As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
As they coped with each obstacle they became more and more disgusted with their page.
As they passed each other at 3,000 feet, the 'chutist yells, HEY!
As they spoke a Multics system hacker walked by.
As they watch, water, sand, snails and such come out of the pump.
As they're driving along the savannah in their jeep, they stop and scout the horizon with their binoculars.
As to Jesus of Nazareth.
As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
As to why he then stopped there are two opinions.
As to your first question, no cat out of its first fur can ever be deceived by appearances.
As usual, the photography is stunning.
As well look for a needle in a bottle of hay.
As well set your boot to the mountain's root, For the seat of a troll don't feel it.
As with most fine things, chocolate has its season.
As year followed year.
As you are probably the only person to have heard the news on the radio, be sure to post as soon as you can.
As you can see by my suit and the fact that I have all these books of equal height on the shelves behind me, I am a trained legal attorney.
As you grow older, you will still do foolish things, but you will do them with much more enthusiasm.
As you will see, I told them, in no uncertain terms, to see Figure one.
Aside from one movement of this piece, The Swan, Saint-Saens didn't allow this work to be published or even performed until a year had elapsed after his death.
Ask about the stock market and cash in.
Ask any college professor.
Ask any of my remaining friends.
Ask me the what the most important thing about telling a good joke is.
Ask not for whom the Bell tolls, and you will pay only the station-to-station rate.
Ask not for whom the telephone bell tolls.
Ask not what A Group of Employees can do for you.
Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
Ask somebody something.
Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
Asked how she felt being the first woman to make a major-league team, she said, Like a pig in mud, or words to that effect, and then turned and released a squirt of tobacco juice from the wad of rum soaked plug in her right cheek.
Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamp-post how it feels about dogs.
Associate with well-mannered persons and your manners will improve.
Assume that the theorem is true for some value k.
Astonished at the wonderful power you have developed, and terrified at the thought that so much hideous and bad music may be put on record forever.
Astrological gibberish, which means astrology generally, has no place in a newspaper, let alone government.
Astrology is the sheerest hokum.
Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.
At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers, a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
At Harvard they'd call it a noun.
At McClellan Air Force base in Sacramento, California, civilian mechanics were placed on non-duty, non-pay status.
At about 5,000 feet, still struggling, he noticed someone coming up from the ground at about the same speed as he was going towards the ground.
At all times, for any task, you have not got enough done today.
At an evening reception which he attended with his fifth wife shortly after their wedding, he presented the lady to a friend who said politely, Congratulations, Herr d'Albert; you have rarely introduced me to so charming a wife.
At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is not.
At any rate, these six pieces are about men with whom I felt an immediate sympat - to use a coining of Max Beerbohm's more satisfactory to me than the opaque vogue word empathy.
At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe and not make messes in the house.
At ebb tide I wrote a line upon the sand, and gave it all my heart and all my soul.
At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is quite untrue in practice.
At first the infant, Mewling and puking in the Regent's arms.
At first the miller thought himself the most fortunate man in the world, but soon all the villages had salt to last them for centuries and still the machine kept on grinding more salt.
At flood tide I returned to read what I had inscribed and found my ignorance upon the shore.
At four we know all the questions, at eighteen all the answers.
At his company's Fourth of July picnic, George brought his new pet and announced that the animal could recite the entire Gettysburg Address.
At last I've found the girl of my dreams.
At last he determined that he would sink the machine in the sea and be rid of it.
At last the head of a man appeared out of an upstairs window.
At least he said it was a Jewish saying; I can't find it anywhere.
At least it's better than no Moon at all.
At night the ice weasels come.
At night, the ice weasels come.
At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his thumb with a hammer.
At one time this was called the Copernican theory; but, when evidence for a theory becomes so overwhelming that no informed person can doubt it, it is customary for scientists to call it a fact.
At that moment, the donkey brayed loudly inside the stable.
At that moment, the monk was enlightened.
At that momment, Sussman was enlightened.
At that point, a security guard in the lobby turned to another guard and commented, If there's anything I just can't stand, it's chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
At the end of the third week the mathematician wakes his friend by pounding on his door at three in the morning.
At the end of your life there'll be a good rest, and no further activities are scheduled.
At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have answered themselves.
At the first sign of trouble, open the first envelope.
At the foot of the mountain, thunder: The image of Providing Nourishment.
At the hospital, a doctor is training an intern on how to announce bad news to the patients.
At the late night, double feature, Picture show.
At the next stop, however, a big hulk of a guy got on.
At the other end of Dino Ditch.
At the rear, the machine carries the milk-dispensing equipment as well as a built-in flyswatter and insect repeller.
At the same time, Guerrero, at third, was making a few plays that weren't exactly soothing to manager Tom Lasorda's stomach.
At the same time, a blind snake was slithering through the same forest, with identical results.
At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
At the tone leave your name and message; I'll get back to you.
At these interest rates, we don't need it.
At this Minsky shut his eyes, and Sussman asked his teacher Why do you close your eyes?
At this point, one of his players happened to enter the dean's office.
At this time, said Nasrudin, I only want to say that the King spoke to me.
At this, all of them became angry and several resigned on the spot.
At times discretion should be thrown aside, and with the foolish we should play the fool.
At which point the salesman turned to his friend, and said, You unpack while I go and find us a bear.
At whose beckoning history shook.
At work, the authority of a person is inversely proportional to the number of pens that person is carrying.
Athens built the Acropolis.
Atlanta makes it against the law to tie a giraffe to a telephone pole or street lamp.
Atlanta: An entire city surrounded by an airport.
Atomic batteries to power, turbines to speed.
Attached to the ears.
Attempts to treat most mental diseases as though they were completely free of physical causes and attempts to treat most bodily diseases as though the mind were in no way involved must be considered archaic in the light of new evidence about the way the human body functions.
Auction: A gyp off the old block.
Audacity, and again, audacity, and always audacity.
Audio files deafen the ear.
August night in 1945, Hopper and her associates were working on the granddaddy of modern computers, the Mark I.
Authentic: Indubitably true, in somebody's opinion.
Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
Avoid any wine with a childproof cap.
Avoid cliches like the plague.
Avoid commas, that are unnecessary.
Avoid contact with skin.
Avoid fried meats which angry up the blood.
Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
Avoid loud and aggressive persons, for they are sales reps.
Avoid overuse of 'quotation marks.
Avoid quiet and passive persons, unless you are in need of sleep.
Avoid reality at all costs.
Avoid run-on sentences they are hard to read.
Avoid running at all times.
Avoid strange women and temporary variables.
Avoid the Gates of Hell.
Avoid trendy locutions that sound flaky.
Aware, like a fox crossing the water.
Awoke one night from a deep dream of peace, And saw, within the moonlight in his room, Making it rich, and like a lily in bloom, An angel writing in a book of gold.
Awright, which one of you hid my PENIS ENVY?
Aww, if you make me cry anymore, you'll fog up my helmet.
Ay, he commented, now they are perfectly right.
Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.
B, which is shown to follow from Corollary 6.
BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
BSD, but is even bug for bug compatible in almost all features.
BTW, does Jesus know you flame?
BUT, says the Oncler, now that you're here, the word of the Lorax seems perfectly clear!
BYTE editors are men who seperate the wheat from the chaff, and then print the chaff.
BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then carefully print the chaff.
Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?
Bachelor: A guy who is footloose and fiancee-free.
Bachelors' wives and old maids' children are always perfect.
Back came a signal Advisable for you to change course 20 degrees.
Back came the flashing light: I'm a lighthouse!
Back in April I'd have killed for a fresh tomato, but in August they are no more rare or wonderful than rocks.
Back in the early 60's, touch tone phones only had 10 buttons.
Back then, there were no restrictions, in terms of talent, on who could make an album, so we made one, and it sounds like a group of people who have been given powerful but unfamiliar instruments as a therapy for a degenerative nerve disease.
Back to back, they faced each other, Drew their swords and shot each other.
Back to the drawing board.
Back when I was a boy, it was 40 miles to everywhere, uphill both ways and it was always snowing.
Back, after an animated conversation with the other occupants of the truck, he reassures the clerk, that, yes, in fact, two-by-fours would be acceptable.
Backed up the system lately?
Bacon's not the only thing that's cured by hanging from a string.
Bad marksmanship, the hunter groused.
Bad men live that they may eat and drink, whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
Baldwin's concerning upstarts: We don't care to eat toadstools that think they are truffles.
Bankers are not ever popular but at least they bank.
Barbie says, Take quaaludes in gin and go to a disco right away!
Barlow explained that the night was dark, and he waved his lantern frantically, but the driver of the car paid no attention to the signal.
Barmaid: Why, we get both kinds of music, Country and Western.
Barry McQueen failed to walk backwards across the Menai Bridge playing the bagpipes.
Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
Baseball is a skilled game.
Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today?
Basic is a high level languish.
Basically my wife was immature.
Basically, a tool is an object that enables you to take advantage of the laws of physics and mechanics in such a way that you can seriously injure yourself.
Basketball, soybeans, hogs and basketball.
Same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!
Batteries not included.
Be a better psychiatrist and the world will beat a psychopath to your door.
Be affectionate to one who adores you.
Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely get your Feet wet.
Be both a speaker of words and a doer of deeds.
Be brief, concise, and specific.
Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or situations that can't bear inspection.
Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
Be careful when you bite into your hamburger.
Be cautious in your daily affairs.
Be cheerful while you are alive.
Be circumspect in your liaisons with women.
Be comforted, that in the face of all aridity and disillusionment, And despite the changing fortunes of time, There is always a big future in computer maintenance.
Be content with what you've got.
Be different: conform.
Be forewarned, for this trade show shall not escape unplundered.
Be frank and explicit with your lawyer.
Be free and open and breezy!
Be hateful and boring.
Be it our wealth, our jobs, or even our homes; nothing is safe while the legislature is in session.
Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
Be not a witness against thy neighbor without cause; and deceive not with thy lips.
Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
Be off, I say; go bug somebody new, Scram, beat it, get thee hence, and nuts to you.
Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!
Be off, or I'll kick you downstairs!
Be practical, was the choral reply from the dinner table.
Be prepared to accept sacrifices.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
Be self-reliant and your success is assured.
Be so good as to mark the place and consider at your leisure.
Be sure as well that they understand that all things on the net, particularly insults, are meant literally.
Be sure it's true, when you say I love you.
Be sure the rum is of the highest quality.
Be sure to use it properly.
Be sure to wear safety glasses.
Be sure you've got plenty.
Be thankful you are not my student.
Be valiant, but not too venturous.
Be wary of strong drink.
Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!
Beat ya' to the punchline, ya' scrawny li'l geek!
Beats me, said Goodgulf with a shrug, but I thought it made good copy.
Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
Beauty is transitory.
Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
Beauty seldom recommends one woman to another.
Beauty, brains, availability, personality; pick any two.
Beauty: What's in your eye when you have a bee in your hand.
Because I do, Because I do not hope, Because I do not hope to survive Injustice from the Palace, death from the air, Because I do, only do, I continue.
Because I'm bigger than you.
Because Things go better with Coke.
Because at night we need the light more.
Because death is momentous, give it no thought; because victory is important, give it no thought; because the method of achievement and discovery is less momentous than the effect, dwell always upon the method.
Because he knows it teases.
Because he was argumentary and he couldn't pronunciate his words.
Because he was hungry.
Because in life they prayed so ill And offered god such swinish swill Now they sweat in flames of hell Sweat from lack of APL Sweat dung!
Because it was on the other side.
Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before there is change.
Because my mouth knows more than my brain.
Because newspapers are read too.
Because nobody cares, that's why.
Because of their strong biases, they seem to lack the self-correcting mechanisms scientists must employ in their work.
Because people want a car with a reputation for going when you want it to.
Because that was her name.
Because the management interferes too much.
Because the paging thrashes!
Because the wine remembers.
Because their time is wasted in meetings.
Because there's a Bozo on the other side.
Because they are burnt out.
Because they couldn't deliver.
Because this is a hardware store.
Because we don't think about future generations, they will never forget us.
Because we know that we could beat up their city anytime.
Because you are thinking of yourself.
Because your hackers have so much mobility into the establishment.
Because, Jacek, you have such golden hands, the teacher explains.
Bed-sitter people look back and lament; another day's useless energies spent.
Bedfellows make strange politicians.
Been Transferred Lately?
Beer simultaneously too, but somewhat slower.
Beer until their friends try Windows 95 Beer and say they like it.
Beer's better that way!
Beer: Comes in a 32-oz can.
Before I knew the best part of my life had come, it had gone.
Before I took this course I used to be a lowly bit twiddler.
Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.
Before abandoning materialist theories of mind that have paid handsome dividends, we should insist on better evidence for psi phenomena than presently exists, especially when neurology and psychology themselves offer more plausible alternatives.
Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
Before destruction a man's heart is haughty, but humility goes before honour.
Before he could mind, Tom slipped behing And gave him the boot to larn him.
Before he left, he warned her if she should fell a deer to be wary of hunters who might beat her to the carcass and claim the kill.
Before marriage the three little words are I love you, after marriage they are Let's eat out.
Before or after he died?
Before our very eyes, the future is becoming the past.
Before the concert began Enesco became nervous and asked for someone to turn his pages.
Before the summer's end, four more teenagers have disappeared.
Before you ask more questions, think about whether you really want to know the answers.
Before you make the copies, send a chip or other bit of hardware, and 100 lines of 'C' code to the first person on the list given at the bottom of this letter.
Beggars should be no choosers.
Begin at the beginning, the King said, gravely, and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
Begin at the beginning,, the King said, very gravely, and go on till you come to the end: then stop.
Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.
Behind every successful man you'll find a woman with nothing to wear.
Behind they have two legs, and in front they have fore-legs.
Being Ymor's right-hand man was like being gently flogged to death with scented bootlaces.
Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what it does.
Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.
Being a miner, as soon as you're too old and tired and sick and stupid to do your job properly, you have to go, where the very opposite applies with the judges.
Being a natural prankster, he acquired a fleet of beat-up shabby, wreckages waiting for the scrap heap in California.
Being against torture ought to be sort of a bipartisan thing.
Being against torture ought to be sort of a multipartisan thing.
Being asked solicitously about the state of her health was becoming bothersome to the pregnant woman at the cocktail party.
Being both an EE and an asshole at the same time must be a terrible burden for you.
Being comfortable that others will discover your greatness.
Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!
Being frustrated is disagreeable, but the real disasters in life begin when you get what you want.
Being or pertaining to a tangible, nonexistent object.
Being or pertaining to an existing, nontangible object.
Being popular is important.
Being schizophrenic is better than living alone.
Being sentimental is when the same driver, when swerving away from the rabbit hits a pedestrian.
Being the chief witness, his testimony was vitally important.
Being true to anyone else or anything else is not only impossible, but the mark of a fake messiah.
Being ugly isn't illegal.
Bel-Shamharoth was especially attracted to dabblers in magic who, by being as it were beachcombers on the shores of the unnatural, were already half-enmeshed in his nets.
Believe everything you hear about the world; nothing is too impossibly bad.
Belongs more to the problem set than the solution set.
Ben Adhem's name led all the rest.
Ben, why didn't you tell me?
Beneath this stone lies Murphy, They buried him today, He lived the life of Riley, While Riley was away.
Berkeley is dedicated to coffee, angst, potholes and coffee.
Berkeley, needless to say, is not nearly as athletic.
Bernard Shaw is an excellent man; he has not an enemy in the world, and none of his friends like him either.
Besides, people care much more about the signature anyway.
Best Beer: A panel of tasters assembled by the Consumer's Union in 1969 judged Coors and Miller's High Life to be among the very best.
Best of all is never to have been born.
Betsy Baker played a central role in the history of collecting.
Betsy had either burned them or used them as pie bottoms.
Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
Better dead than mellow.
Better go buy some more.
Better go by some more.
Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
Better hope you get what you want before you stop wanting it.
Better late than never.
Better living a beggar than buried an emperor.
Better to be nouveau than never to have been riche at all.
Better to light one candle than to curse the darkness.
