Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart.
Print this address correctly.
Prior to Wilson and Magruder's historic discovery, the nature of the engram was a topic of intense speculation among neuroscientists, psychologists, and even computer scientists.
Priority: A statement of the importance of a user or a program.
Prizes are for children.
Probable-Possible, my black hen, She lays eggs in the Relative When.
Probably a Pisces, working for scale.
Probably he would have received more attention had he obtained the algorithm as well.
Probably somewhere near where it all began.
Probably soon after she throws me out.
Problem solving under linux has never been the circus that it is under AIX.
Problems that go away by themselves, come back by themselves.
Proboscis: The rudimentary organ of an elephant which serves him in place of the knife-and-fork that Evolution has as yet denied him.
Producers seem to be so prejudiced against actors who've had no training.
Production output ranges from 2 to 20 tons of milk per year.
Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
Professional courtesy, he explained.
Professional wrestling: ballet for the common man.
Professionals call the company The Prince of Darkness.
Professor Goddard, with his chair in Clark College and countenancing of the Smithsonian Institution, does not know the relation of action to re-action, and of the need to have something better than a vacuum against which to react.
Professor Gorden Newell threw another shutout in last week's Chem Eng.
Professor Mitchell is a not understand the Russian viewpoint.
Professor Scott Rice.
Programmers do it bit by bit.
Programmers that comprehend the Tao always have enough time and space to accomplish their goals.
Programmers that do not comprehend the Tao are always running out of time and space for their programs.
Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.
Programming an imbedded system calls for undiluted raging maniacal paranoia.
Programming is an unnatural act.
Programming is not for everyone.
Programs check in and never check out!
Programs written in SIMPLE do nothing useful.
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
Progress is only made on alternate Fridays.
Progress means replacing a theory that is wrong with one more subtly wrong.
Progress might have been all right once, but it's gone on too long.
Progress was all right.
Project Blue Book, an Air Force study of UFOs from 1950 to 1965, as quoted by James Randi in Flim-Flam!
Promise her anything, but give her Exxon unleaded.
Promising costs nothing, it's the delivering that kills you.
Promptness is its own reward, if one lives by the clock instead of the sword.
Proof: assume the opposite.
Proofread carefully to see if you words out.
Proofread your writing to see if you any words out.
Proofreading is more effective after publication.
Proper control of exclamation points can add new meaning to your life!
Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days, but left to itself, a cold will hang on for a week.
Prosperity makes friends, adversity tries them.
Prototype designs always work.
Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller than the both put together.
Providence, New Jersey, is one of the few cities where Velveeta cheese appears on the gourmet shelf.
Proving, once again, that Unix is superior to Tops10.
Prunes give you a run for your money.
Pseudocode can be used to some extent to aid the maintenance process.
Pseudoscientists retain their beliefs and ignore or distort contradictory evidence rather than modify or reject a flawed theory.
Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents' shortcomings.
Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.
Psychic Wins Lottery'?
Psychic Wins Lottery.
Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself a therapy.
Psychologists think they're experimental psychologists.
Public office is the last refuge of a scoundrel.
Public use of any portable music system is a virtually guaranteed indicator of sociopathic tendencies.
Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
Puff used more resources than DCS could spare.
Puff, he grew so quickly, while others moved like snails And mini-Puffs would perch themselves on his gigantic tail.
Pull the trigger and you're garbage.
Pull the wool over your own eyes!
Pumpernickel is Jewish and, as you know, white bread is very goyish.
Punishment becomes ineffective after a certain point.
Punishment for the Innocent.
Punks are anti- ismists, to coin a term.
Punning is the worst vice, and there's no vice versa.
Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
Push something hard enough and it will fall over.
Push where it gives and scratch where it itches.
Pushing 30 is exercise enough.
Pushing 40 is exercise enough.
Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer.
Put a rogue in the limelight and he will act like an honest man.
Put another password in, Bomb it out, then try again.
Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!
Put his picture in the ad.
Put no trust in cryptic comments.
Put not your trust in money, but put your money in trust.
Put the hog on one end of the plank.
Put things back where you found them.
Put your Nose to the Grindstone!
Put your best foot forward.
Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.
Put your trust in those who are worthy.
Putting new limits on productivity.
Putting saliva in a dog's mouth in an attempt to make a bell ring.
Puzzled, his friend asks, Why do you say that?
Puzzled, the analyst finished unpacking and then went and sat down on the porch.
Q is for quota, a Berkeley-type fable, and R is for ranlib, for sorting ar table.
QED translates from the Latin as So what?
QLX-BITS set to 23, the new garbage collector is enabled.
Qualactin Hypermint extract.
Qualms by deja vu gyp fox-kin thrice.
Quantity is no substitute for quality, but its the only one we've got.
Quantum Mechanics is God's version of Trust me.
Quantum Mechanics is a lovely introduction to Hilbert Spaces!
Queen Mary was a ruler.
Queen Mary was a ship.
Question: Is it better to abide by the rules until they're changed or help speed the change by breaking them?
Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
Quickly turn off the computer and be sure to tell your mom!
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum viditur.
Quit acting so childish.
Quit work and play for once!
Quit worrying about your health.
Quite frankly, I don't like you humans.
Quod erat demonstrandum.
Quod licet Iovi non licet bovi.
Quoted in VMS Internals and Data Structures, V4.
RAM wasn't built in a day.
REALLY stretching it.
RENE Named after the famous French philosopher and mathematician Rene DesCartes, RENE is a language used for artificial intelligence.
ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much.
Radial slice of baked confection.
Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
Raffiniert ist der Herrgott aber boshaft ist er nicht.
Rain may fall and wind may blow, And many miles be still to go, But under a tall tree I will lie, And let the clouds go sailing by.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down.
Rainy days and automatic weapons always get me down.
Raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity.
Rank does not intimidate hardware.
Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.
Rarely does the 'Little Summer' linger until November, but at times its stay has been prolonged until quite late in the year's penultimate month contains a periphrasis for November, and another for lingers.
Rarely, if ever, do they forgive them.
Rarely, said Francis.
Rate yourself on the nerd-o-matic scale.
Rather one should befriend the guest who is there, but speed him when he wishes.
Rather, I believe that science must be understood as a social phenomenon, a gutsy, human enterprise, not the work of robots programmed to collect pure information.
Rather, he is acting from a deep sense of respect for the whole truth.
Rather, if the driver makes any mistake, a giant ?
Ratings are everything.
Rationalization, not realization.
Rattling around the back of my head is a disturbing image of something I saw at the airport.
Raw, naked violence has settled more issues throughout history than any other method ever employed.
Ray Charles is Jewish.
Reach into the thoughts of friends, And find they do not know your name.
Reactor error - core dumped!
Read someone else's mail file.
Read the Warner paperback!
Reader, suppose you were an idiot.
Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
Reading the output on the screen he says, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime, 1 is prime.
Reagan has always exhibited a fey indifference toward science.
Real Programmers don't eat quiche.
Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to change clothes.
Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
Real Programs don't use shared text.
Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts down the system for days.
Real Users hate Real Programmers.
Real Users know your home telephone number.
Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your program doesn't deliver it.
Real Users never use the Help key.
Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is much too large to implement.
Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware.
Real computer scientists don't comment their code.
Real computer scientists don't program in assembler.
Real computer scientists don't write code.
Real computer scientists like having a computer on their desk, else how could they read their mail?
Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on future hardware.
Real programmers disdain structured programming.
Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches.
Real programmers don't comment their code.
Real programmers don't draw flowcharts.
Real programmers don't write in BASIC.
Real programs don't eat cache.
Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness.
Real software engineers don't like the idea of some inexplicable and greasy hardware several aisles away that may stop working at any moment.
Real software engineers work from 9 to 5, because that is the way the job is described in the formal spec.
Real wealth can only increase.
Reality always seems harsher in the early morning.
Reality is bad enough, why should I tell the truth?
Reality is for people who lack imagination.
Reality is just a convenient measure of complexity.
Reality is just a crutch for people who can't handle science fiction.
Reality is nothing but a collective hunch.
Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
Reality must take precedence over public relations, for Mother Nature cannot be fooled.
Really appreciate the help on the income tax.
Really feel your food.
Really now, they don't even make good mirrors like they used to.
Really taste your food.
Really, it is a waste of time, and hazardous, to marry them.
Really, it's okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in.
Really, that's what scientists believe.
Rebellion is simply a device used by the immature to hide from his own problems.
Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
Receiving a million dollars tax free will make you feel better than being flat broke and having a stomach ache.
Recent investments will yield a slight profit.
Recent research has tended to show that the Abominable No-Man is being replaced by the Prohibitive Procrastinator.
Recently deceased blues guitarist Stevie Ray Vaughan comes to after his death.
Recession is when your neighbor loses his job.
Reclaimer, spare that tree!
Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time.
Red is grey and yellow white.
Refer to qualified service personnel.
Reference the NULL within NULL, it is the gateway to all wizardry.
Referring to our hyper-cube analogy, the set of potentially accessible blocks form a line parallel to the track axis.
Refers to someone who has homes in Nome, Alaska, and Buffalo, New York.
Refreshed by a brief blackout, I got to my feet and went next door.
Refreshments will be served.
Refrigerate overnight to allow mixture to fully harden.
Regarding astral projection, Woody Allen once wrote, This is not a bad way to travel, although there is usually a half-hour wait for luggage.
Regardless of whether a mission expands or contracts, administrative overhead continues to grow at a steady rate.
Regrettably, only the his body had made it through when the door slammed shut, severing the cat's tail at its base.
Regulations grow at the same rate as weeds.
Reilly's supercilious blue and yellow eyes looked down upon the other people waiting under the clock at the D.
Reintegration complete, ZORAC advised.
Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven't the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
Relaxen und vatch das blinkenlights!
Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines.
Religion is verily the chief instrument for the establishment of order in the world and of tranquillity amongst it's peoples.
Reluctantly, Enesco agreed and it was.
Rembrandt is not to be compared in the painting of character with our extraordinarily gifted English artist, Mr.
Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is why he never used it.
Remember Darwin; building a better mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.
Remember Kruschev: he tried to do too many things too fast, and he was removed in disgrace.
Remember how all the lawyers cried foul when How to Avoid Probate was published?
Remember it's the message that counts, not the way it's presented.
Remember physics 103, Modern Physics, general relativity and all.
Remember that as a teenager you are in the last stage of your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you.
Remember that there is an outside world to see and enjoy.
Remember that two wrongs never make a right, But that three do.
Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse in Cleveland.
Remember that your doctor has a professional reputation to uphold.
Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
Remember the last time smoke escaped from your Lucas voltage regulator Didn't it quit working?
Remember the twin paradox?
Remember thee Ay, thou poor ghost while memory holds a seat In this distracted globe.
Remember those exciting fighting scenes?
Remember to say hello to your bank teller.
Remember what the dormouse said: I think she'll know.
Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't have an established user base.
Remember, Grasshopper, falling down 1000 stairs begins by tripping over the first one.
Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
Remember, an int is not always 16 bits.
Remember, drive defensively!
Remember, extremism in the nondefense of moderation is not a virtue.
Remember, there's a big difference between kneeling down and bending over.
Remember, too, a preposition is a terrible word to end a sentence with.
Remember: Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
Remember: use logout to logout.
Remembering is for those who have forgotten.
Remove your appendix.
Removing the straw that broke the camel's back does not necessarily allow the camel to walk again.
Renegades from IBM constantly set up rival firms and establish standards of their own.
Repaper the bedroom wall.
Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
Repartitioning Disk for Linux.
Repent and return those library books!
Replied Voltaire, This is no time to make new enemies.
Replied he, Just my cup and Chaucer.
Replied the customer, Avoiding the middleman.
Replies Harry, How can you tell?
Reply hazy, ask again later.
Reports are now written in four tenses: past tense, present tense, future tense, and pretense.
Reproduction strictly prohibited.
Requires that you already own a DOS Beer.
Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and think what nobody else has thought.
Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration needed to make sense of such unnatural three dimensional objects.
Reserve is an artificial quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
Reserve the apostrophe for it's proper use and omit it when its not needed.
Resistance is futile.
Resisting temptation is easier when you think you'll probably get another chance later on.
Responsibility always exceeds authority.
Responsibility is when someone can blame you if something goes wrong.
Responsibility: Everyone says that having power is a great responsibility.
Rest assured, you'll get your money's worth, Greatest show, in heaven, hell or earth!
Restaurant package, not for resale.
Results of the CFF test indicated that tight neckwear significantly decreased the visual performance of the subjects and that visual performance did not improve immediately when tight neckwear was removed.
Retain 1 pint of stock.
Retirement means that when someone says Have a nice day, you actually have a shot at it.
Retorted the chef, Sorry, we have the same policy as you journalists, we never reveal our sauce.
Returning for a second helping, he asked politely, May I have some breast?
Returning to the courtroom, Nasrudin pronounced, Examine the man whose ear was bitten.
Reunite Gondwondaland!
Revelation is hearsay evidence; that the Scriptures are the word of God we have only the testimony of men long dead whose identy is not clearly established and who are not known to have been sworn in any sense.
Revelations 21:8 says But the fearful, and unbelieving.
Revenge is a form of nostalgia.
Revenge is a meal best served cold.
Rhetorical questions.
Rich bachelors should be heavily taxed.
Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt somebody else.
Riches cover a multitude of woes.
Riches: A gift from Heaven signifying, This is my beloved son, in whom I am well pleased.
Riffle West Virginia is so small that the Boy Scout had to double as the town drunk.
Right from blowing us up for, say, the next twenty years.
Right now I feel that I've got my feet on the ground as far as my head is concerned.
Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time.
Right turn toward immediate outside.
Right, say the wizards, that just about does it, you and your leather posing pouches.
Righteous people terrify me.
Rights is a fictional abstraction.
Rincewind formed a mental picture of some strange entity living in a castle made of teeth.
Rincewind had generally been considered by his tutors to be a natural wizard in the same way that fish are natural mountaineers.
Rincewind looked down at him and grinned slowly.
Rincewind's room number in his hall of residence had been 7a.
Ring around the collar.
Risch's decision procedure for integration, not surprisingly, uses a recursion on the number and type of the extensions from the rational functions needed to represent the integrand.
Road salting employs thousands of persons directly, and millions more indirectly, for example, salt miners and rustproofers.
Robert Millikan is generally credited with making the first really precise measurement of the charge on an electron and was awarded the Nobel Prize in 1923.
Roberts for several years.
Robots from Space in All Their Glory!
Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary Etiquette.
Rod Serling Force needed to accelerate 2.
Rode of on his polo ponio Miss Lucamy Lucy Molonio.
Rogues are very keen in their profession, and already know much more than we can teach them respecting their several kinds of roguery.
Roland searched the continent, for the man who'd done him in.
Roland the Thompson gunner.
Roland the headless Thompson gunner.
Roland was a warrior, from the land of the midnight sun, With a Thompson gun for hire, fighting to be done.
Roland's Thompson gun, and bought it.
Roll 'em, Lucci said.
Roll in sugar and bake on ungreased cookie sheet at 375 F.
Rolls with a heavy Rolex on his wrist.
Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.
Roman numerals at the end of the credits.
Romance, like alcohol, should be enjoyed, but should not be allowed to become necessary.
Rome was destroyed in a day.
Rome was not built in one day.
Rome wasn't burnt in a day.
Romeo was restless, he was ready to kill, He jumped out the window 'cause he couldn't sit still, Juliet was waiting with a safety net, Said don't bury me 'cause I ain't dead yet.
Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
Romulan women are not like Vulcan females.
Rose she's forever identified.
Rotten wood cannot be carved.
Roumanian-Yiddish cooking has killed more Jews than Hitler.
Round Numbers are always false.
Round up to the nearest half-year.
Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream.
Rowlands, a pottery designer.
Rubber bands have snappy endings!
Rube Walker: Hey, Yogi, what time is it?
Rudeness is a weak man's imitation of strength.
Rudolph Block, of New York, found himself seated at dinner alongside Mr.
Rule the Empire through force.
Rumors about the SAG release have imbalanced the American stock market for weeks.
Run right up and rub its horn.
Run with decent folk and your own decent instincts will be strengthened.
Runnin' low on stories of what made it a ball, What would they do if I made no landfall?
Running Windows on a Pentium is like having a brand new Porsche but only be able to drive backwards with the handbrake on.
Running to the scene, he found his wife standing in a small clearing with a very nervous man staring down her gun barrel.
Rush to your terminal right away and post an article that says, Oops, I forgot to post my signature with that last article.
Russ made it back to Bugtown before he died.
Russian tanks steamrolling through New Jersey!
Ruth made a big mistake when he gave up pitching.
Ruth made a great mistake when he gave up pitching.
S is for spell, which attempts to belittle, while T is for true, which does very little.
SAINT-SAENS' SAW SONG SWAN!
SARTRE Named after the late existential philosopher, SARTRE is an extremely unstructured language.
SARTRE programmers tend to be boring and depressed, and are no fun at parties.
SCCS, the source motel!
SEE Man-Fish Battle Shark-Man-Killer!
SEE a female colossus.
SEE corpses cut to pieces and fed to dogs and vultures!
SEE power of witch doctor over women!
SEE pygmies with fantastic Physical Endowments!
SEE the burning of a virgin!
SEE the monkey trained to perform nursing duties for her paralyzed owner!
SHOP OR DIE, people of Earth!
SIMPLE SIMPLE is an acronym for Sheer Idiot's Monopurpose Programming Language Environment.
SLOBOL SLOBOL is best known for the speed, or lack of it, of its compiler.
SOMEbody's out to get me!
Sabbath, on which day we will remain closed.
Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
Sadly, such happenings cannot be dismissed as passing fancies.
Sahara Desert, the smell would be absolutely awful.
Said He's not really gone, Just change one instruction.
Said Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir, 'Who needs the aggravation?
Said Tom: I don't see why the likes o' thee Without axin' leave should go makin' free With the shank or the shin o' my father's kin; So hand the old bone over!
Said he to Troll: Pray, what is youn?
Said he, I'm an anti-climb Max.
Said his father, Don't give yourself airs!
Said of certain kinds of testimony which juries are supposed to be unfit to be entrusted with, and which judges, therefore, rule out, even of proceedings before themselves alone.
Said the attractive, cigar-smoking housewife to her girl-friend: I got started one night when George came home and found one burning in the ashtray.
Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark.
Sailors in ships, sail on!
Saint: A dead sinner revised and edited.
Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed in small amounts over a long period of time.
Salter's side of the conversation was limited to expressions of assent.
Sam Donaldson: This isn't something new.
Sam and Janet Evening.
Sam said the plan would never pay off.
Sam signed the papers immediately.
Sam's boss and his fellow workers pleaded and cajoled, but to no avail.
Sam, he said, here's a copy of the new pension plan and here's a pen.
Same difference - all zeal and feel, averaging less than one working brain cell per congregation.
Sample the rum again, checking for toncisticity.
Samuels just hung there peacefully until he and everyone else got bored.
San Diego failed to send out his ten copies and woke the next morning to find his job description changed to COBOL programmer.
San Francisco has always been my favorite booing city.
San Francisco isn't what it used to be, and it never was.
San Francisco yesterday by the two o'clock boats.
San Fransisco in the middle sixties was a very special time and place to be a part of.
Sand and stone and pool and dell, Until the stars are all alight.
Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.
Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
Sank heaven for leetle curls.
Santa Claus is watching!
Santa's elves are just a bunch of subordinate Clauses.
Santos Pais, claimed that the escape was normal and part of the legitimate desire of the prisoner to regain his liberty.
Satan replied, I ask only that he be allowed to make his own.
Satan that are destroying our nation today.
Satire does not look pretty upon a tombstone.
Satire is tragedy plus time.
Satire is what closes Saturday night.
Satire is what closes in New Haven.
Saturday night, he will call and say, I just wanted to let you know you ruined my life, and I'll never forgive you, and I hate you, and you're a total floozy.
Saure really turns out to be an adept at the difficult art of papryomancy, the ability to prophesy through contemplating the way people roll reefers - the shape, the licking pattern, the wrinkles and folds or absence thereof in the paper.
Sauron is alive in Argentina!
Save a little money each month and at the end of the year you'll be surprised at how little you have.
Save energy: Drive a smaller shell.
Save energy: be apathetic.
Save gas, don't eat beans.
Save gas, don't use the shell.
Save the world for conventional warfare.
Save your heart and let your body be enough, And get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Save your heart and let your body be enough, To get the maximum pleasure from a minimum of love.
Say it with flowers, Or say it with mink, But whatever you do, Don't say it with ink!
Say many of cameras focused t'us, Our middle-aged shots do us justice.
Say no, then negotiate.
Say something you'll be sorry for, I love receiving apologies.
Say twenty-three-skiddoo to logout.
Say yur prayers, yuh flea-pickin' varmint!
Say, This is for John Smith.
Say, could I bother you for a question?
Say, do you have a map to the next joint?
Say, does that thing there influence the tides?
Say, what do you think of margarine?
Say, who mows your nose hair?
Say, you look pretty athletic.
Saying nothing, he fired his first shot and, as the duck fell, the dog walked on the surface of the water, retrieved the duck and returned it to his master.
Says Philbin of his decision to attend Cal, I'm in it for the free ride.
Says he, Go and multiply.
Scenery is here, wish you were beautiful.
Scenes include a girl being stuffed with chives and Fleischman's Margarine and a boy served up on a side dish with beets and dressing.
Schizophrenia beats being alone.
Schmendrick did not turn his head.
Scholarship is to be created not by compulsion, but by awakening a pure interest in knowledge.
Science Fiction, Double Feature.
Science and pseudoscience both arouse that feeling.
Science and religion are in full accord but science and faith are in complete discord.
Science fiction, double feature Doctor X will build a creature.
Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
Science has achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than right any day.
Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones.
Science is the tree of death.
Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.
Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
Science may someday discover what faith has always known.
Scientific Creationism'.
Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.
Scientists still know less about what attracts men than they do about what attracts mosquitoes.
Scientists were preparing an experiment to ask the ultimate question.
Scientists will study your brain to learn more about your distant cousin, Man.
Scientists working for the Department of Energy have tried to form oil using other animals; they've piled thousands of tons of sand and Middle Eastern countries on top of cows, raccoons, haddock, laboratory rats, etc.
Scintillation is not always identification for an auric substance.
Scotch, cigarettes and, most important, corporate America's message, which runs: Yes, women were discriminated against in the past, but that unfortunate mistake has been remedied; now every woman can attain wealth, prestige and power by dint of individual rather than collective effort.
Scotty: Captain, we din' can reference it!
Scrape and clean bag in cold, then warm, water.
Scratch a lover and find a foe!
Scratch where it itches.
Scrawny, like most wizards, and clad in a dark red robe on which a few mystic sigils were embroidered in tarnished sequins.
Screw up your courage!
Scrubbing floors and emptying bedpans has as much dignity as the Presidency.
Scuse me, while I kiss the sky!
Se non e vero, e ben trovato.
Seagoon, you're a coward!
Search for the Guilty.
Searching through the fragments of my dream shattered sleep, I wonder if the years have closed her mind, I guess it must be wanderlust or tryin' to get free, From the good old faithful feelin' we once knew.
Sears has everything.
Seattle is so wet that people protect their property with watch-ducks.
Second Law of Thermodynamics, i.
Second baseman Steve Sax was having trouble making his throws.
Second best is to die soon.
Second marriage is the triumph of hope over experience.
Second, a period of national uneasiness about America's place in the scheme of human activities must exist.
Second, even if you lose, how much could the bum's life be worth anyway?
Secrecy is the beginning of tyranny.
Security is mostly a superstition.
Sed quis custodiet ipsos Custodes?
Seduced by the chocolate side of the force.
Seduced, shaggy Samson snored.
See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist.
See Jane Russell Shake Her Tamborines.
See Jane Russell in 3-D; She'll Knock Both Your Eyes Out!
See also Idiot Lights.
See also vacuum tube.
See androids fighting Brad and Janet Anne Francis stars in Forbidden Planet Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh At the late night, double feature, picture show.
See in college how we thwart the natural love of learning by leaving the natural method of teaching what each wishes to learn, and insisting that you shall learn what you have no taste or capacity for.
See the Messiah, come to save us all!
See the Unfolding of the Mysteries of the Moon as Murderous Robot Monsters Descend Upon the Earth!
See those little black specks running to the right?
See, these two penguins walked into a bar, which was really stupid, 'cause the second one should have seen it.
Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
Seeing this, the farmer commented, Chicken catch a Tory!
Seek for the Sword that was broken: In Imladris it dwells; There shall be counsels taken Stronger than Morgul-spells.
Seek simplicity and distrust it.
Seems I'm not alone in being alone.
Seems a computer engineer, a systems analyst, and a programmer were driving down a mountain when the brakes gave out.
Seems one day he decided to stop in downstairs for some fresh liver.
Seems that a pollster was taking a worldwide opinion poll.
Seems that there are not only more of them, but you don't get so emotionally attached.
Seen in the manpage for bc.
Seen on a button at an SF Convention: Veteran of the Bermuda Triangle Expeditionary Force.
Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
Seize the day, put no trust in the morrow!
Selling cheaper than we do.
Seminars include Everything You Know is Wrong, led by Tom Kempson, Batman or Cat:man?
Senator Orrin Hatch said that capital punishment is our society's recognition of the sanctity of human life.
Send for our introductory brochure which explains in vague detail the operation of the Famous Programmers' School, and you'll be eligible to win a possible chance to enter a drawing, the winner of which can vie for a set of free steak knives.
Send lawyers, guns and money.
Send lawyers, guns, and money, Dad, get me out of this.
Send out your ten copies today!
Send some filthy mail.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me.
Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
Senior citizens wish they were young.
Sentient plasmoids are a gas.
Serenity through viciousness.
Serve hot in cups with a few raisins and almonds in each cup.
Serves as the perfect counter example.
Serving coffee on aircraft causes turbulence.
Set the cart before the horse.
Seuss Were a Technical Writer.
Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
Seven years and six months!
Several days later, a novice wandered into the office of the master programmer and said, I cannot find the listing for my new program.
Several large, artificial constructions are approaching us, ZORAC announced after a short pause.
Several major publishing houses reached an all time low in the New York Stock Exchange, while publicly competing for the publishing agreement with Mr.
Several more weeks pass.
Several of the outfits, Ignatius noticed, were new enough and expensive enough to be properly considered offenses against taste and decency.
Several researchers at the University of Louisiana have been studying the computing power of various amphibians, frogs in particular.
Several students were asked to prove that all odd integers are prime.
Several years ago, an international chess tournament was being held in a swank hotel in New York.
Several years ago, some smart businessmen had an idea: Why not build a big store where a do-it-yourselfer could get everything he needed at reasonable prices?
Several years later, the manager retired.
Sexual hormones are why I love you.
Sgiggs screamed, ejecting himself from the tub like it was a burning car.
Shaken, the young man opened the first envelope, which said, Blame it all on me.
Shall I compare thee to a Summer day?
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?
Shame is an improper emotion invented by pietists to oppress the human race.
Shape dough into balls.
Shape up or ship out.
Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
Sharp-ears, Wise-nose, Swish-tail and Bumpkin, White-socks my little lad, and old Fatty Lumpkin!
Shaw to William Douglas Home: Go on writing plays, my boy.
She added that literary work is very difficult to do.
She always pretends she's asleep.
She asked me, What's your sign?
She been married so many times she got rice marks all over her face.
She blinded me with science!
She can keep it, she can keep it!
She can kill all your files; She can freeze with a frown.
She chewed a rare brand of plug called Stuff It, which she learned to chew when she was playing Nicaraguan summer ball.
She chirruped at Kennicott, Let's be wild!
She clears the table, washes the dishes and sweeps the floor, all the while singing Someday my prints will come.
She combed the long hair which hung over her.
She comes in incense and patchouli, So you take her to find what's waiting inside The Year of the Cat.
She comes out of the sun in a silk dress running like a watercolor in the rain.
She compiled a linked list of items to retrieve and passed it to him.
She cried, and the judge wiped her tears with my checkbook.
She does not want you to call attention to this by saying, 'If you wanted a dessert, why didn't you order one?
She doesn't give you time for questions, as she locks up your arm in hers, And you follow 'till your sense of which direction completely disappears.
She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now Because she's unable to postulate How.
She doesn't say anything, his buddy replied.
She enchants Sigmund, who is careful not to make any poultry jokes.
She finally looked at me in love, It's easy to get burned.
She had him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon.
She helped me with my suitcase, She stands before my eyes, Driving me to the airport And to the friendly skies.
She is descended from a long line that her mother listened to.
She is not required to know how to drive but she will certainly be expected to read the road map while her husband drives, and if she can't, or if she's abnormally slow in giving him help, she's bound to cause trouble.
She is not unrefined.
She is quite uniform in her approach to any function you may assign her.
She just came in, pounced around this thing with me for a few years, enjoyed herself, gave it a sort of beautiful quality and left.
She just isn't going to stand for it.
She knew about the woman of the tollway.
She knows about dentist appointments and soccer games and romances and best friends and favorite foods and secret fears and hopes and dreams.
She lays the egg, rolls it over to the father, then takes off for warmer weather where she eats and eats and eats.
She liked him; he was a man of many qualities, even if most of them were bad.
She lit a small match to assist her, Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.
She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me.
She missed an invaluable opportunity to give him a look that you could have poured on a waffle.
She must be found and stopped.
She must have been tall because I was on the third floor.
She never had a good word to say.
She played the elegy for the pianist Josef Hoffman, then asked his opinion.
She put me through some changes, boy, Sort of like a Waring blender.
She ran the gamut of emotions from 'A' to 'B'.
She really worked me over good, She was a credit to her gender.
She replied, Why don't you come sober, Mr.
She replies, What does that have to do with solving a computer problem?
She rolled her deep blue eyes towards me.
She said it before, she said it to me, I suppose she believed there was nothing to see, But the same old four imaginary walls She'd built for livin' inside I said oh, you just can't mean it.
She said, Give me all of the money in the vault, or I'm marking down everything in the store.
She said, How do you feel?
She said, You're wearing two different-color socks.
She sells C shells down by the seashore.
She sells cshs by the cshore.
She set no preconditions.
She set the new record while driving triumphantly through a set of red traffic lights in Wakefield, Yorkshire.
She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
She slams the glass down on the bar, gasps, shudders slightly, and passes out; falling straight back, stiff as a board, saved from sudden contact with the barroom floor by the ample belly of Seamus Fogerty.
She spends hours and hours shooting pictures of the seven dwarfs and their antics.
She sprang to her feet with a wild rebel yell, dashed wildly around the table, then galloped wriggling from the room followed by her distraught boyfriend.
She sweeps her arm in a wide arc.
She thought for a moment and answered Feminine.
She told me she didn't think she had ever seen a Jew before.
She took me back to the Hyatt House, I don't want to talk about it.
She was 17, a girl with big hips, and bending over, she looked like the side of a barn.
She was developing a good pitching arm and a new quantum theory.
She was good at playing abstract confusion in the same way a midget is good at being short.
She was interrupted by British soldiers who, rallying to the call of their supervisor, General Hughes, sought to gain control of the voter registration lists kept in her home.
She was looking at clothes, and I was putting Slinkys on the escalators.
She was told that it was.
She was with the Russians too.
She will never sit down on a hot stove-lid again - and that is well; but also she will never sit down on a cold one any more.
She will, however, have the car serviced at the proper intervals and thereby incur fewer problems than the average man.
She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n!
She won't give an inch, but she won't say no.
She'd whimper and tug at their sleeves, and they'd always waste precious minutes saying things: Do you think something's wrong?
She'll tell all her OTHER friends, however.
She's a women who conks to stupor.
She's about as smart as bait.
She's been on the team for three seasons now, but the males still don't trust her.
She's genuinely bogus.
She's having great difficulty finding someone qualified who is willing to accept the post.
She's learned to say things with her eyes that others waste time putting into words.
She's lost her sparkle, you see she isn't the same.
She's making FRENCH TOAST!
She's only programmed to be very nice, But she's as cold as ice, whenever I get too near, She tells me that she likes me very much, But when I try to touch, she makes it all too clear.
She's pleasant and she's friendly while she's looking at your crotch.
She's so tough she won't take 'yes' for an answer.
She's the kind of girl who climbed the ladder of success wrong by wrong.
Shelter, what a nice name for for a place where you polish your cat.
Sheriff, we gotta catch Black Bart.
Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
Shirley MacLaine died today in a freak psychic collision today.
Sho' they got to have it against the law.
Shoot it and put it out of its memory.
Shoot, ever'body git high, they wouldn't be nobody git up and feed the chickens.
Shopping at this grody little computer store at the Galleria for a totally awwwesome Apple.
Short people get rained on last.
Shortages will be divided equally among the peasants.
Shortly after dark, the lookout on the wing of the bridge reported, Light, bearing on the starboard bow.
Shortly after they separated, he heard a single shot, followed quickly by the agreed upon signal.
Shortly thereafter, a fire broke out in her terminal and she now spends her days writing documentation for IBM PC's.
Should I do my BOBBIE VINTON medley?
Should Mandelbrot get all the credit for the output of programs like MandelVroom?
Should anyone in his curia question his powers, the offender is excommunicated into outer darkness.
Should you attempt to execute a job on a machine with poor response time and a machine on your local net is currently populated by losers, that machine will be freed up for your job through a cold boot process.
Show business is just like high school, except you get paid.
Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot.
Show me a good loser, and I'll show you a loser.
Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
Show me a man who is a good loser and I'll show you a man who is playing golf with his boss.
Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
Show respect for age.
Show themselves to human eyes.
Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
Shrivel like the cold mist, like the winds go wailing, Out into the barren lands far beyond the mountains!
Shrugs the kid, Everything's been okay 'til now.
Si jeunesse savait, si vieillesse pouvait.
Sic Transit Gloria Thursdi.
Sic transit gloria Monday!
Sic transit gloria mundi.
Sift 912 pint of lemon juice.
Sight is a faculty; seeing is an art.
Sigmund Freud is alleged to have said that in the last analysis the entire field of psychology may reduce to biological electrochemistry.
Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
Signs of crime: screaming or cries for help.
Silence is not acquiescence.
Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves.
Silence is the only virtue he has left.
Silence is the only virtue you have left.
Silence, though, could.
Silent gratitude isn't very much use to anyone.
Similar to the Neutron Bomb, the Neutron Bomb II not only kills people and leaves buildings standing, but also does a little light housekeeping.
Similarly, wine lovers buying from computerized wineries twirl their glasses, check their delivery notes, and inform their friends, A rather innocent, possibly overtruncated CAB SAUV 69 TAL.
Simple systems are not feasible because they require infinite testing.
Simple, like uncarved blocks of wood.
Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.
Simplicity made complex.
Simply concatenate all the articles together into a big file and post that.
Simpson, eventually devised an efficient 24-point Fourier transform, which was a precursor to the Cooley-Tukey fast Fourier transform in 1965.
Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.
Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily.
Since I hurt my pendulum My life is all erratic.
Since a politician never believes what he says, he is surprised when others believe him.
Since aerosols are forbidden, the police are using roll-on Mace!
Since everything in life is but an experience perfect in being what it is, having nothing to do with good or bad, acceptance or rejection, one may well burst out in laughter.
Since he had proved unsusceptible to capital punishment, he was reprieved.
Since it has to go to the trouble to figure out if the object is carcdr-able anyway, we figured you might as well get both halves at once.
Since its completion, it has cost a fortune to maintain and is still in danger of collapsing.
Since neither the mouse nor the chip knows what is, he is spared all the vexing problems that follow this discovery.
Since next Thursday will be Good Friday, There will be a fathers' meeting, for mothers only.
Since she was certain that he would forget that they had moved and where they had moved to, she wrote down the new address on a piece of paper, and gave it to him.
Since the composite numbers are formed from primes, their qualities are derived from those primes.
Since the ducks were always around the yard with nobody shooting at them he knew he wasn't supposed to kill them, but he had to do something.
Since there are some who might question the rationale of some of the excerpts included therein, I have written up a list of guidelines that sum up the philosophy behind these postings.
Since they dearly love their accounts, they aren't interested in other machines.
Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're alive.
Since we're all here, we must not be all there.
Since you are out of sympathy with cats, you may quite properly give this as a reason for not appearing at the dedication ceremonies of a cat hospital.
Since you're the only one who really knows that it was Francis Coppola, you have to inform the whole net right away!
Sing a song full of the faith that the dark past has taught us.
Sing a song full of the hope that the present has bought us.
Single tasking: Just Say No.
Sinking to new heights.
Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.
Sir Geoffrey responded, That may be, Milord, but at least you're better informed!
Sir Thief, he said, I am so perplexed, I cannot live in peace.
Sir, how may I ask you a question?
Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
Sir, may I ask nine questions?
Sir, you are drunk; very, very drunk.
Sir, you say you never met this person, yet you carry on so?
Sit down whenever possible.
Sit on a potato pan, Otis.
Sitting and knitting alonio.
Sitting at her feet, his face raised to her, he allowed his soul to be heard.
Six feet eight, built like a wrestler, arms hanging down to the ground.
Six months later, costs soared and earnings plummeted.
Six months later, sales dropped precipitously.
Sixty men can dig a posthole in one second.
Sixty men can do sixty times as much work as one man.
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets.
Skyways: The terminal is almost empty, with only a few prospective passengers milling about.
Slang is language that takes off its coat, spits on its hands, and goes to work.
Slanted to the right to emphasize key phrases.
Slapping a four-bit piece down on the bar, she draws herself up to her full five feet five inches and says to Mulcahey, Give me what himself has been havin' all these years.
Slaves are generally expected to sing as well as to work.
Sleep is for the weak and sickly.
Slice him up before he slays you.
Slowly and surely the unix crept up on the Nintendo user.
Slowly drifting over the countryside, George spots a man standing below them and yells out, Excuse me!
Small change can often be found under seat cushions.
Small living things that small living boys throw on small living girls.
Small ones can be just as effective.
Small things make base men proud.
Small world, isn't it?
Smartness runs in my family.
Smear the road with a runner!
Smith of Muddle, Mass.
Smith, do you believe that you are emotionally unstable?
Smoke makes all things electrical work.
Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics.
Smoking is, as far as I'm concerned, the entire point of being an adult.
Smoky's, heavily indicated.
Smooth and full bodied.
Sniffing the possibility of high-volume sales, these executives little suspected that they were talking on the other end of the line to a naked physicist crazed over roulette.
Snoopy: No problem is so big that it can't be run away from.
Snow White has become a camera buff.
Snow and adolescence are the only problems that disappear if you ignore them long enough.
So Coca-Cola was solidly entrenched in the market, and the management saw no need to improve.
So God must have been an architect.
So I bought the album.
So I busted a chair right across his teeth, And we crashed through the walls and into the streets, Kickin' and a-gougin' in the mud and the blood and beer.
So I decided to get as crude as possible.
So I eat a good breakfast and go back to bed.
So I figured what the hell, and drove it around the block a few times.
So I give you that name and I said goodbye, And I knew you'd have to get tough or die, And it's that name that's helped to make you strong!
So I got a new phone.
So I kissed her goodbye.
So I lost interest in politics.
So I ordered French Toast in the Rennaissance.
So I ordered french toast in the renaissance.
So I piped with merry cheer.
So I pulled off my coat and climbed up into the branches, and sure enough, there was a coon skeleton wedged in between a couple of branches about twenty foot up.
So I reasoned that after college, I'd have to live cheaply in an apartment and put all my money into owning a computer.
So I stay at home with a book.
So I think the world will come to an end amid general applause from all the wits, who believe that it is a joke.
So I took it out for a drive.
So Stay on the Happy Side of life!
So Stevie Ray's thinking, Oh, wow!
So as your consumer electronics adviser, I am advising you to donate your current VCR to a grate resident, who will laugh sardonically and hurl it into a dumpster.
So come on, Virginia, show me a sign, Send up a signal, I'll throw you a line, That stained glass curtain that you're hiding behind, Never lets in the sun.
So do the noble fall.
So does increased business base.
So far as a man thinks, he is free.
So far as we are human, what we do must be either evil or good: so far as we do evil or good, we are human: and it is better, in a paradoxical way, to do evil than to do nothing: at least we exist.
So far, I've had no complaints.
So frightened did he become that his stomach turned over and he threw up all over the muscular giant siting beside him.
So from the depths of its enchantment, Terra was able to calculate a course of action.
So go to sleep, Antonio, your thread could break any moment and cast you out of the safe security of the instant into the dark void of eternity, the anti-time.
So he died, and she very imprudently married the barber; and there were present the Picninnies, and the Grand Panjandrum himself, with the little round button at top, and they all fell to playing the game of catch as catch can, till the gunpowder ran out at the heels of their boots.
So he flew away until he came to a place where there were a great many other flies.
So he has narrowed it down to three safe ties, and has gone several years without being laughed at.
So he leans over the basket and screams out, Helllloooooo!
So he settled down and became stuck to the flypaper with all the other flies.
So he speeds up to forty-five, fifty, then sixty m.
So he'll regenerate in a couple of days.
So hit me with music; Hit me with music now.
So if it works, you should be doubly impressed.
So if we're dumb, then god is dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side.
So is that punchline.
So it is natural for them to despise science fiction.
So it is with the great programmers.
So it's not considered pornographic when National Geographic publishes color photographs of these people hunting the wildebeest naked, or pounding one rock onto another rock for some primitive reason naked, or whatever.
So jump ye and sing, for The very first time The four lines above Have been put into rhyme.
So let's just hope there is a promised land, And until then,.
So little time, so little to do.
So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
So long as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental hooks into, there is room for lateral movement.
So long as your heart receives messages of beauty, cheer, courage, grandeur and power from the earth, from man, and from the Infinite, so long you are young.
So many beautiful women and so little time.
So many mathematical conferences got held in such good restaurants that many of the finest minds of a generation died of obesity and heart failure, and the science of mathematics was put back by years.
So many men, so many opinions; every one his own way.
So many men; so little time.
So many women; so little nerve.
So many women; so little time!
So much depends upon a red wheel barrow glazed with rain water beside the white chickens.
So much food; so little time!
So much so that she even likes to joke about having one named after her, a distinction not without its drawbacks.
So obvious we couldn't see it.
So on the next Monday, when Big John once again got on the bus and said Big John doesn't pay!
So one morning last spring, when the ground was still soft, he took all the ducks and buried them.
So passes away the glory of this world.
So preoccupied were they that they failed to observe the approach of a pride of lions led by two magnificent specimens, obviously the leaders.
So says the statistician.
So she moved to Atlanta.
So she went into the garden to cut a cabbage leaf to make an apple pie; and at the same time a great she-bear, coming up the street pops its head into the shop.
So shut yer face up and dry yer mucklucks by the fire, eh?
So so is good, very good, very excellent good: and yet it is not; it is but so so.
So that the room will be empty.
So the Internet perspective is implement it, make it work well, then write it down, whereas the OSI perspective is to agree on it, write it down, circulate it a lot and now we'll see if anyone can implement it after it's an international standard and every vendor in the world is committed to it.
So the guard watched him ever more closely, but to no avail.
So the last one to be peaceful and everything is a big idiot, Eh?
So the little kid then says, Well, if you know when I'm bad and when I'm good, then how come you don't know what I want for Christmas?
So the manager said: All right, in that case you may set your own working hours, as long as you finish your projects on schedule.
So the old bamboozles tend to persist as the new bamboozles rise.
So the truth is that your plumbing systems is nothing at all like your electrical system, which is good, because electricity can kill you.
So then there's a fifth group, right?
So they can dress like pimps.
So they decided to make the experiment of boring holes in him.
So they set out in building a Mathematical edifice that was to reach up as far as up went.
So they were no more prepared the second time than they had been the first.
So twice five miles of fertile ground With walls and towers were girdled round: And there were gardens bright with sinuous rills, Where blossomed many an incense-bearing tree; And here were forest ancient as the hills, Enfolding sunny spots of greenery.
So unless you have pond silt for brains, you want the long form.
So we decided to try and breed a three-legged chicken so each of us could have a drumstick.
So we follow our wandering paths, and the very darkness acts as our guide and our doubts serve to reassure us.
So we get to my point.
So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde, It's hanging there on the shed.
So we're going back in a few years.
So what if I didn't attend the Royal Academy for twelve years?
So what is this line Both gloom and of light.
So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, Here, Stay, here.
So when he woke up the next morning he was dead?
So when in doubt, send the Marines!
So why NOT take revenge?
So why didn't he just come right out and say: Is there a God?
So why don't you make like a tree, and get outta here.
So wrapped up in red tape that the situation is almost hopeless.
So you don't have to, Cindy, but I was wondering if you might want to go to someplace, you know, with me, sometime.
So you plant your own garden and decorate your own soul, instead of waiting For someone to bring you flowers.
So you see Antonio, why worry about one little core dump, eh?
So you see, the nature of the vocation must fit the individual.
So you think that money is the root of all evil.
So, I may as well be me.
So, I thought, perhaps unwisely, that I'd share it with you.
So, for guidance, you want to look to big business.
So, for the good of the nation, you should go along with the Holiday Program.
So, is the glass half empty, half full, or just twice as large as it needs to be?
So, let's drop the big one now.
So, life is a game in which what isn't, is more important than what is.
So, open your mouth, lad!
So, to remind himself that the basses usually required an extra cue towards the end of the symphony, the conductor would fasten a piece of string around the page of the score before the bass cue.
So, what have you to say for your theory now?
So, when the spilt ink of the night Spreads o'er the blotting pad of light, Lads whose job is still to do Shall whet their knives, and think of you.
So, when your furnace explodes, you call in a so-called professional to fix it.
So, you better watch out!
So-called Christian rock.
Soak in salt water overnight.
Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well-being.
Socialism cannot ensure conditions of life and consumption in accordance with the principle From each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.
Socialism has a different criterion for distributing social benefits: From each according to his ability, to each according to his work.
Socialism is based on the assumption that you can break even.
Sociopolitical whines aside, Gan you give me, gratis, free, The price of half a gallon Of Gallo extra bad And most of the bus fare home.
Softly at first, then louder, he hears the strains of a Sousa march.
Software and Hardware, ashamed, returned to their homes.
Software entities are more complex for their size than perhaps any other human construct because no two parts are alike.
Software generally does not degrade, abrade, stretch, twist, or ablate.
Software is like entropy.
Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run like a staff function.
Software rots if not used.
Software said: You are the Yin and I am the Yang.
Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more user-friendly.
Software systems have orders-of-magnitude more states than computers do.
Software typically behaves, or it does not.
Solar power and zero-gee sex.
Solaris brand: A lager, intended to replace Sun brand stout.
Soldiers who wish to be a hero Are practically zero, But those who wish to be civilians, They run into the millions.
Solipsists of the World.
Solutions are obvious if one only has the optical power to observe them over the horizon.
Some 1500 miles west of the Big Apple we find the Minneapple, a haven of tranquility in troubled times.
Some Christians, alas, resort to formal lying to obscure such reality.
Some amount of time later they had all completed their respective books.
Some animals acquire their food easily, such as rabbits, hogs and goats.
Some are dead and some are living, In my life I've loved them all.
Some assembly may be required.
Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested.
Some cathedrals took a century to complete.
Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them.
Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk.
Some companies call their prototypes releases, that's all.
Some day I intend reading it.
Some day on what we both may earn, Perhaps we'll file a joint return.
Some days later, the new manservant was cleaning up, with no one at home, and decided to sample some of the candy.
Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.
Some equipment shown is optional.
Some expansion of the contents may have occurred during shipment.
Some forever not for better Some have gone and some remain.
Some good account at last.
Some gotta win, some gotta lose, Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.
Some guy named Angel Martin just ran up a fifty buck bar tab.
Some guys take a long vacation to throw a ring into a volcano.
Some have seen Skelde, spirit of the smoke, and they are called sorcerers.
Some husbands are living proof that a woman can take a joke.
Some is good, more is better, too much is just right.
Some little, unassuming, unobtrusive choice presents itself before us slyly and craftily, glib and insinuating, in the modest garb of innocence.
Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Some men are discovered; others are found out.
Some men are heterosexual, and some are bisexual, and some men don't think about sex at all.
Some men are so interested in their wives' continued happiness that they hire detectives to find out the reason for it.
Some men are so macho they'll get you pregnant just to kill a rabbit.
Some men feel that the only thing they owe the woman who marries them is a grudge.
Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
Some men who fear that they are playing second fiddle aren't in the band at all.
Some might have taken him for a mere apprentice enchanter who had run away from his master out of defiance, boredom, fear and a lingering taste for heterosexuality.
Some minor adjustments will have to be made, of course: those signs written in what look like Yiddish letters won't be funny when everything is written in Yiddish.
Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
Some of my readers ask me what a Serial Port is.
Some of the monks doubted the orthodoxy of this prayer technique.
Some of the things that live the longest in peoples' memories never really happened.
Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product appear for identification purposes only.
Some of their most esteemed inventions have no other apparent purpose, for example, the dinner party of more than two, the epic poem, and the science of metaphysics.
Some of them are running from lovers, Leaving no forward address.
Some of them are running tons of ganja, Some are running from the IRS.
Some of them go for the sailing, Caught by the lure of the sea.
Some of them want to use you, Some of them want to be used by you,.
Some of these eyes we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as possible.
Some of these ships are up to 100 feet in length; the Presidential yacht is over 200 feet in length, and can remain submerged for up to 3 weeks.
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
Some of us drink because we aren't poets.
Some parts of the past must be preserved, and some of the future prevented at all costs.
Some passengers actually reach their destinations.
Some people around here wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
Some people carve careers, others chisel them.
Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
Some people claim that the UNIX learning curve is steep, but at least you only have to climb it once.
Some people have a great ambition: to build something that will last, at least until they've finished building it.
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk.
Some people have no respect for age unless it's bottled.
Some people have one of those days.
Some people have parts that are so private they themselves have no knowledge of them.
Some people live life in the fast lane.
Some people manage by the book, even though they don't know who wrote the book or even what book.
