They are destined to view the world of science with a set of blinders.
They are fools that think otherwise.
They are fools that think that wealth or women or strong drink or even drugs can buy the most in effort out of the soul of a man.
They are greatly distended, he has eyelashes, and his eyelids move, and cosequently his brain is in a state of constant irritation and distraction.
They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
They are less allowed than allowed transitions, if you see what I mean.
They are manifestations of a well-established anti-science tendency in the U.
They are not counted mentally, but are punctuated by pressing with 15 fingers successively.
They are probably avoiding a great deal of pain.
They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
They are so much younger than they used to be when I was their age.
They are the academic equivalent of the 'listening material' that fills waiting-rooms, and the 'eating material' that you can buy in thousands of convenient eating resource centers along the roads.
They are tricky and the action gets tough, so watch out!
They are trying to force government leaders into following their position 100 percent.
They asked the question, Is there a God?
They assumed we must be having problems with them too.
They attack us and each other, and whatever their protestations to peaceful intent, the bloody record of history makes clear that they are easily disposed to restore to the sword.
They behaved badly and were unconcerned with appearances.
They belong to the same union.
They both go into the rabbit's dwelling and after a while the rabbit emerges with a satisfied expression on his face.
They buy gourmet baking soda.
They call Alabama the Crimson Tide, Call me Deacon Blues.
They call them squares because it's the most complicated shape they can deal with.
They can always swear they're deaf, dumb and blind.
They can charge for oxygen.
They can conserve fuel by ejecting husky passengers over water.
They can hire pilots right out of Vending Machine Refill Person School.
They can only give you answers.
They can ram competing planes in mid-air.
They can show snuff movies.
They chanced to collide head-on in a clearing.
They come and go without knowing limitations.
They consider life absurd, an accidental coincidence.
They could apply to anyone and anything.
They crashed out hospitality suites and they made rude noises during my presentation.
They demand devotion and obedience.
They deserve honorable, slow deaths.
They did PILLS in SKIMPY GRASS SKIRTS.
They discussed Einstein's theory of relativity for hours.
They do not keep awake till three, Nor read erotic poetry.
They don't have sexual hangups.
They don't know how the world is shaped.
They don't respect us, And see what happens.
They don't write in anything less portable than a number two pencil.
They drove to the airport, forced their way on board a large passenger jet, and found there was no pilot on board.
They eat Twinkies and Szechwan food.
They enjoy hacking their code and don't waste time implementing labor-saving shell scripts.
They exchanged jokes and poems, and clever new hacks, And prompts that were cute or risque'.
They exercise precautions to avoid contamination by last year's fashions.
They figured that with every design, they were getting a better engineer.
They finally got King Midas, I hear.
They gather on the tarmac, arguing constantly about what kind of plane they want to build and how to put it together.
They gave him love and he invented marriage.
They give me cat scratch fever.
They go home for their stuff and tell the folks not to worry but they'll be going now.
They got a name for the winners in the world, I want a name when I lose.
They got into everything.
They got surfin', too!
They grappled briefly, but the struggle was kicked apart by an oriental woman who seemed to be in control.
They had done too many things wrong.
They had got the release date wrong by one day, and caused dozens of eager fans to connect to the sunsite computer at the wrong time.
They had little pictures of cats on them.
They had no choice; the earth really does revolve about the sun.
They had no vital lies.
They had noticed that, whereas everyone else had seven apertures, for sight, hearing, eating, breathing and so on, Chaos had none.
They had the volley of the Dills.
They had to be helped free by the staff and, after thanking everyone, sheepishly left the building.
They had to return empty handed.
They had worked for months gathering one each of every computer that was built.
They hang out and play together for years, virtually inseparable.
They happen to be colored.
They hate strife; indeed they reject it.
They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
They have more money.
They have not proved their case.
They have the ability to concentrate all their efforts on a given design, and develop all components simulateously, but sometimes without proper testing.
They have two legs in back and fore legs in front.
They hired the best speech therapists, doctors, psychiatrists, all to no avail.
They just announced on the radio that Dan Quayle was picked as the Republican V.
They just buzzed and buzzed.
They killed the female, autopsied her, and sure enough, found the German and the Pole.
They know how to relax.
They know nothing of the tumult, cacophony, rambunctiousness, and tendentiousness of the actual scientific process, let alone the creativity, passion, and joy of discovery.
They know your name, address, telephone number, credit card numbers, who ELSE is driving the car for insurance,.
They know, deep in their souls, that if she had to choose between catching a fly ball and saving an infant's life, she probably would elect to save the infant's life, without ever considering whether there were men on base.
They last forever, largely because nobody ever eats them.
They laughed at Einstein.
They laughed at the Wright Brothers.
They like their comforts.
They look NICE in the yard.
They love to change things.
They make a desert and call it peace.
They make it with milk, rum and sugar and it's wonderful.
They make more of it every year.
They may be cold, but that's okay!
They may know something that we don't.
They met, discovered they had the same fiancee, and told him.
They never sanction the impure, Nor recognize an overture.
They often wish that people would just once and for all work out where the hell they wanted to be.
They only think they are.
They only want to count to two.
They presented him the words: And this, too, shall pass away.
They probably got by on federal crop supports, which Lassie filed the applications for.
They promise to build a bridge even where there is no river.
They put in the rum so that people will know what to do with all that pep and vitality.
They rang out clear and clean.
They really don't care what the price is.
They replace your generator.
They say a good programmer can write 20 lines of effective program per day.
They say drapes and we say curtains.
They say president and we say brain damaged git.
They say they have almost succeeded in getting a VAX to think.
They say things they haven't even thought of yet.
They screamed down the mountain, gaining speed, but finally managed to grind to a halt, more by luck than anything else, just inches from a thousand foot drop to jagged rocks.
They seem more afraid of life than death.
They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when not actually threatened.
They sentenced me to twenty years of boredom for trying to change the system from within.
They separate the right from the left, the man from the woman, the plant from the animal, the sun from the moon.
They shackle themselves to racks, they bask in urinals.
They should all fail the same way.
They shrink from powders and from paints.
They spell it da Vinci and pronounce it da Vinchy.
They teach a hundred other useless things, but never a word about the one that will cause the greatest friction.
They tell each passenger how good the real flight will be on these new jets and how much safer it will be than Windows Airlines, but that they will have to wait a little longer for the technicians to finish the flight systems.
They then point with pride to these practices as the cause of their sturdy health and ripe years; the truth being that they are hearty and old, not because of their habits, but in spite of them.
They thought it was just a jest and applauded.
They told a tale which was then altogether beyond my feeble comprehension: they were tones, loud, long and deep, breathing the prayer and complaint of souls boiling over with the bitterest anguish.
They told me I was gullible.
They took some of the Van Goghs, most of the jewels, and all of the Chivas!
They use different words for things in America.
They used Raoul-Mitgong but he wasn't much help.
They used applied physics.
They used betterment incentives.
They used cardio plate crossoffs.
They used finger prints.
They used intimidation.
They used search and seizure.
They used stick tites.
They used techniques of criminology.
They used the bertillion system.
They used to be with the Chicago Bears.
They want the ocean without the roar of its many waters.
They want you to punish them and tell them what the limits are.
They wanted something for nothing.
They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise clear desks.
They wear standard white sweatsocks.
They went rushing down that freeway, Messed around and got lost.
They were all, one might say, nonexistent, but each nonexisted in an entirely different way.
They were just the first not to crash.
They were looking for an alck hole.
They were small and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they had stepped out of a painting by Goya.
They were to reconvene the day before the race to tell the gangster how they each propose to ensure a win.
They weren't looking for a water hole.
They will be so relieved they will welcome her with open arms.
They will not, unfortunately, do us the same courtesy.
They will only cause the lower classes to move about needlessly.
They will print careful, reasoned stories without any errors at all, and surely represent the situation properly to the public.
They worship us and are always bothering us to do something for them.
They wouldn't listen to the fact that I was a genius, The man said We got all that we can use, So I've got those steadily-depressin', low-down, mind-messin', Working-at-the-car-wash blues.
They wouldn't sell very well if they were masculine.
They'd be difficult to like.
They'd rented a cabin, and, when they got there, took their backpacks off and put them inside.
They'll run almost anything.
They'll want a real system and will end up doing VMS when they get to be serious about programming.
They're Over-Exposed But Not Under-Developed!
They're a dime a dozen.
They're always hoping to see you again in the line-up.
They're attracted by what I don't mind.
They're demanding beer.
They're getting energy out of nowhere.
They're giving bank robbing a bad name.
They're great at building model airplanes as well.
They're just badly designed.
They're not like other men.
They're only four dollars apiece.
They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!
They're still living in the fifties.
They're straight-looking except they've got inflatable shoes.
They're the huge, fat, middle waist.
They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.
They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
They're unfriendly, which is fortunate, really.
They've been honoring him intermittently ever since, I believe.
They've come To put you under cardiac arrest.
They've found a purpose.
They've just learned to hide in the trees.
They've named a drink Fred?
They've proved they ARE persons, no matter how small.
They've put acid in my rain.
They've stolen our best ideas!
They've stopped making it.
They've taken over my stomach.
TheysaidDoyouseethebiggreenglowinthedarkhouseuponthehill?
Thieves respect property; they merely wish the property to become their property that they may more perfectly respect it.
Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
Things are more like they are today than they ever were before.
Things are more like they used to be than they are now.
Things are not always what they seem.
Things are not as simple as they seems at first.
Things equal to nothing else are equal to each other.
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold.
Things hitherto undone should be given, I suspect, a wide berth.
Things past redress and now with me past care.
Things that tick are not always clocks.
Things were going badly; there was something wrong in one of the circuits of the long glass-enclosed computer, she said.
Things will be bright in P.
Things will get better despite our efforts to improve them.
Things will get worse before they get better.
Things won't get any better so get used to it.
Things worth having are worth cheating for.
Think about these once in awhile and watch your answers change.
Think honk if you're a telepath.
Think of all the starving children in India.
Think of any three-digit number, then select the corresponding buzzword from each column.
Think of our community as the Galapagos of the English language.
Think of the fox prowling through wood and field in a winter night for something to satisfy his hunger.
Think of the odds we're gonna get on Labor Day.
Think of your family tonight.
Think twice before speaking, but don't say think think click click.
Thinking all this fetid haze Vulgar tongue.
Thinking always ahead, thinking always of trying to do more, brings a state of mind in which nothing is impossible.
Thinking of oneself gives little happiness.
Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
Thinking you'll be loved in return is what's foolish.
Thinks't thou existence doth depend on time?
Thinly sliced cabbage.
Third, some catalytic event must occur that focuses the national attention upon the direction to proceed.
Thirteen at a table is unlucky only when the hostess has only twelve chops.
Thirty days hath Septober, April, June, and no wonder.
Thirty white horses on a red hill, First they champ, Then they stamp, Then they stand still.
This Is One of Everlasting Torment!
This TOPS OFF my partygoing experience!
This above all appeared to Trillian to be genuinely stupid, but she could no longer be bothered to argue about.
This ae nighte, this ae nighte, Everye nighte and alle, Fire and sleet and candlelyte, And Christe receive thy saule.
This allows the garbage collection of significantly more Qs.
This also simplifies modifying the program, should the value of pi change.
This article can help you.
This assembly also contains the central heating plant complete with automatic temperature controls, pumping station and main ventilating system.
This bagbiting system won't let me get out of spacewar.
This bath is too hot.
This bear has learned to open car doors in Yosemite, where damage to automobiles caused by bears runs into the tens of thousands of dollars a year.
This beer never really sold very well because the original manufacturer didn't understand marketing.
This brain-damaged epithet is getting sorely overworked.
This brings me to my present purpose, which is to request elucidation of my instructions from His Majesty's Government so that I may better understand why I am dragging an army over these barren plains.
This can be used as an alternative to the standard system menu.
This candidate would lend balance to a department like yours, which already has so many outstanding members.
This cannot but lead in the end to chaos and confusion.
This causes most people to have to go out and buy bigger refrigerators.
This cerebral spare tire concept continues to nourish the clientele of pop psychologists and their many recycling self-improvement schemes.
This combined with minimalization of open-loop errors in output amplifiers and correct compensation for non-linear passive crossover network loading can lead to a significant decrease in system resolution lost.
This conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms industry is now in the American experience.
This difference has been maintained at great cost by the Poles since 1944.
This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel.
This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobozz Magic Co.
This equation can be applied to charging capacitors, over-damped springs, and the human race in general.
This file contains a lot of quotes from peoples' postings on Usenet.
This file will self-destruct in five minutes.
This format is called 3.
This fortune intentionally left blank.
This fortune intentionally says nothing.
This fortune is dedicated to your mother, without whose invaluable assistance last night would never have been possible.
This fortune is false.
This fortune is inoperative.
This fortune soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.
This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.
This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.
This generation doesn't have emotional baggage.
This generation may be the one that will face Armageddon.
This gives me great hope for the human race.
This grated on the bus driver, who started losing sleep over the way Big John was taking advantage of him.
This guy runs into his house and yells to his wife, Kathy, pack up your bags!
This happened about thirty years ago to the son of a Rumanian gentleman who was owed a personal favour by Georges Enesco, the celebrated violinist.
This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining.
This has made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move.
This here's the wattle, The emblem of our land.
This historic event became the first documented use of core storage for the saving of registers.
This hurts me more than it hurts you.
This instrument really does exist, often played by percussionists!
This is Betty Frenel.
This is Betty Joe Withers.
This is Bob, how are you doing?
This is Dan Cassidy's answering machine.
This is Jim Rockford.
This is Maria, Liberty Bail Bonds.
This is Marilyn Reed, I wanta talk to you.
This is NOT a repeat.
This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
This is a country where people are free to practice their religion, regardless of race, creed, color, obesity, or number of dangling keys.
This is a good time to punt work.
This is a lot of bunk.
This is a one line proof.
This is a terrible place.
This is a test of the Emergency Broadcast System.
This is a test of the emergency broadcast system.
This is a very serious failure that may even, in a world rigged with 60,000 nuclear weapons, compromise the human future.
This is also the worst vegetable of next year.
This is an especially good time for you vacationers who plan to fly, because the Reagan administration, as part of the same policy under which it recently sold Yellowstone National Park to Wayne Newton, has deregulated the airline industry.
This is an integrated, distributed, general-purpose workstation, began the magician, ergonomically designed with a proprietary operating system, sixth generation languages, and multiple state of the art user interfaces.
This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.
This is basically the same disclaimer that comes with all software packages, but ours is in plain English and theirs is in legalese.
This is because the female body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and should not be seen by the light of day.
This is believed to speed up execution by as much as a factor of 1.
This is better than mopping!
This is called Monotony.
This is clearly another case of too many mad scientists, and not enough hunchbacks.
This is especially true when dealing with someone you're attracted to.
This is far, and only the swift shall reach it and are delighted.
This is how I dress when I go to work.
This is how deep truths are winnowed from deep nonsense.
This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes, nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls.
This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother Jimbo.
This is not because Quality is so mysterious but because Quality is so simple, immediate, and direct.
This is not discussed in the protocol document.
This is not just a let's-see-how-far-those-frogs-can-jump seminar.
This is not the GNU public license.
This is not the age of pamphleteers.
This is not to be confused with South Boston which lies directly east from the South End.
This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks in.
This is only for hardcore amphibian-computation people and their colleagues.
This is rarely harmful, because normally no-one reads such essays.
This is rat eat rat, dog eat dog.
This is supposed to be educational.
This is the United States of America and one citizen has as much right to play as another.
This is the claim of prominent physicians in this country.
This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
This is the first numerical problem I ever did.
This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built.
This is the judgment day and I'm a terrifying apparition, he screamed.
This is the kind of tool set professionals use.
This is the major drawback of home centers: they are always out of everything except artificial Christmas trees.
This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in.
This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
This is the same in nature as it is with man.
This is the sawdust blarney of the carnival midway.
This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
This is the story of the bee Whose sex is very hard to see You cannot tell the he from the she But she can tell, and so can he The little bee is never still She has no time to take the pill And that is why, in times like these There are so many sons of bees.
This is the stuff they can always use.
This is the telephone company.
This is the theory that Jack built.
This is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
This is the way the world ends, This is the way the world ends, This is the way the world ends, Not with a bang but with a whimper.
This is the worst chew in the world.
This is true in religion as it is in politics, and is self-evident to all except fanatics and the naive.
This is true, He replied.
This is what entertainment is all about.
This is what fetches the bacon home.
This is where a case of cocktail shrimp fell on me.
This is where the bloodthirsty license agreement is supposed to go, explaining that Interactive Easyflow is a copyrighted package licensed for use by a single person, and sternly warning you not to pirate copies of it and explaining, in detail, the gory consequences if you do.
This is where the expression, Service with a slightly sheepish grin comes from.
This is why an operating system is easier to design.
This is your fortune.
This is, of course, totally uninformed specualation that I engage in to help support my bias against such meddling.
This is, to be sure, a more difficult but an incomparably more worthy task.
This isn't brain surgery; it's just television.
This isn't even wrong.
This isn't really a flame, just a casual observation.
This kind of reasoning is legally valid in mall parking lots.
This knowledge I pursure is the finest pleasure I have ever known.
This land is full of trousers!
This land is my land, and only my land, I've got a shotgun, and you ain't got one, If you don't get off, I'll blow your head off, This land is private property.
This language, developed at the Hanover College for Technological Misfits, was designed to make it impossible to write code with errors in it.
This leaves the mathematician somewhat perplexed, as he had observed right away that he was the subject of an anecdote, and deduced quite rapidly the presence of humour from similar anecdotes, but considers this anecdote to be too trivial a corollary to be significant, let alone funny.
This line moves parallel to the sector axis, wrapping around when it reaches the edge of the hyper-cube.
This machine is subject to breakdowns during periods of critical need.
This machine knows everything.
This makes conceiving, describing, and testing them hard.
This makes six legs, which is certainly an odd number of legs for a horse.
This many a year has Tim been gone, And I thought he were lyin' in graveyard.
This may seem callous, but it is the best way, really.
This means at least several years of confusion.
This means that an electric company can sell a customer the same batch of electricity thousands of times a day and never get caught, since very few customers take the time to examine their electricity closely.
This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
This means you should get a large sum of money and go to a mall.
This message it drops into the midst of the program mers, like a seagull making its mark upon the beach.
This message was brought to you by Linux, the free unix.
This minus sign cost L4,280,000.
This morning I don't have Hunter Thompson's disease.
This morning, I was waiting for a bus in comparative comfort, my umbrella protecting me from the downpour, and noticed an attractive young woman getting soaked.
This must be morning.
This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with great force.
This offer is not available through stores and is void where prohibited by law.
This openness that you are seeing, all these changes, are cosmetic and they have been designed to impress shortsighted, naive, sometimes stupid Western leaders.
This person must be fired.
This place just isn't big enough for all of us.
This plane has at least 10 engines and seats over 1,000 passengers; bigger models in the fleet can have more engines than anyone can count and fly even more passengers than there are on Earth.
This popular delusion flourishes now more than ever, for we are all infected with it in the schools, where educationists have elevated it from folklore to Article of Belief.
This practice may exacerbate, not alleviate, the nation's productivity problem.
This presented a problem, as he was not sure if the name should be masculine or feminine.
This prevents harmful electron buildup in the wires.
This process can check if this value is zero, and if it is, it does something child-like.
This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.
This product is called Craft Mount.
This product is meant for educational purposes only.
This program generates random characters, and, given enough time, will undoubtedly come up with something profound.
This proved that lighting was powered by the same force as carpets, but it also damaged Franklin's brain so severely that he started speaking only in incomprehensible maxims, such as A penny saved is a penny earned.
This proved too much for the old creature, who looked sadly at Gabe and expired on the spot.
This pseudoscience has been around since the day of the Chaldeans and Babylonians.
This rare form is usually abbreviated to FROTZ, or more commonly to FROB.
This record is held by Alcoente Prison, near Lisbon in Portugal.
This remarkable piece of work was carried out on a Sunday in May of 1886.
This reprehensible carelessness may be related to the pressure of circumstance, since we are war with France, a fact which may come as a bit of a surprise to you gentlemen in Whitehall.
This required an interview with the bear.
This restaurant was advertising breakfast any time.
This rule does not apply if the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants to make a travesty of the game.
This sad little lizard told me that he was a brontosaurus on his mother's side.
This same woman wouldn't tell her best friend if she knew the best friends' mate was having an affair.
This screen intentionally left blank.
This second is the most dangerous system a man ever designs.
This seems to be much less disruptive than a constant rippling and trembling.
This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with our lives.
This sentence does in fact not have the property it claims not to have.
This sentence no verb.
This should hopefully help people who don't like using the garbage collector because it cold boots the machine so often.
This simple but basic scientific criterion has not been met despite dozens of studies conducted over many decades.
This single statement took the scientific world by storm.
This song may be dull, but it's certainly clean.
This speech disturbed the guard greatly, because there were millions of dollars of computer equipment inside, so he watched the man carefully.
This still begs the question of whether the cookie releases the pressure or only serves to blunt the warning signs.
This striving for excellence extends into people's personal lives as well.
This supersedes all previous notices.
This system will self-destruct in five minutes.
This tall blond lady.
This teaches us that electricity can be a very powerful force, but we must never use it to hurt others unless we need to learn an important electrical lesson.
This technology must be what prevented its distribution during my mom's reign.
This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountain down.
This time he said, watching me, On some occasions it is better to weep.
This time it was stargazing that became a serious issue.
This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
This totem must be blessed by the old and wise venerable god of unibus at once, before the idolatization of vme, q and pc bus drive him to bitter revenge.
This universe shipped by weight, not by volume.
This was a Golden Age, a time of high adventure, rich living, and hard dying.
This was a future of fortune and theft, pillage and rapine, culture and vice.
This was terrible with raisins in it.
This was the line that opened his novel, Paul Clifford, written in 1830.
This was the most unkindest cut of all.
This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible.
This way tens of thousands of people will spend a few seconds scanning over and ignoring your article, using up over 16 man-hours their collective time, but you will be saved the terrible trouble of checking through usenet maps or looking for alternate routes.
This way we could all wake up via a civilized gradual process of stretching and belching and scratching, and it would still be only 7 a.
This week only, all our fiber-fill jackets are marked down!
This while his military machine in Afghanistan has killed over a million people out of a population of 17 million.
This whirl-o-matic just had a nuclear meltdown!
This will be hard for you to believe, but I was once a handsome, charming prince and then a mean, ugly old witch cast a spell over me and turned me into a frog.
This will be under communism.
This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
This will only cause him needless inconvenience and embarrassment.
This will provide for baby's shoes.
This will take at least two weeks, he finally said.
This will, of course, entail teaching Yiddish to all your friends, business associates, the people at the supermarket, and so on, but that's just the point.
This window also maintains a mouse-sensitive display of critical job parameters such as dataset allocation, core allocation, channels, etc.
This wonderful process leaves the imbiber with a healthier, more vibrant brain, and increases mental capacity.
This would be a great world to dance in if we didn't have to pay the fiddler.
This would save millions of dollars, so I have no doubt that the public would violently support a law requiring airbags on congressmen.
This, cried the Mayor, is your town's darkest hour!
This, said the doctor, answering his own question.
This, when found, will get thrown away.
Thompson, if he is to be believed, has sampled the entire rainbow of legal and illegal drugs in heroic efforts to feel better than he does.
Those are their guys.
Those four words have such magic in them that if Godot should someday show up and mumble them, any audience would instantly understand his long delay.
Those novels would make you retch.
Those of us who believe in the right of any human being to belong to whatever church he sees fit, and to worship God in his own way, cannot be accused of prejudice when we do not want to see public education connected with religious control of the schools, which are paid for by taxpayers' money.
Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
Those people look exactly like Donnie and Marie Osmond!
Those programmers live beyond the physical world.
Those queer things that are called the eyes, and which exist to make an agreeable soft depression in the face, are diseased, in the case of Bogota, in such a way as to affect his brain.
Those texts are called 'reading material.
Those who admire the massive, rigid bone structures of dinosaurs should remember that jellyfish still enjoy their very secure ecological niche.
Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of Silly Putty.
Those who believe that they believe in God, but without passion in their hearts, without anguish in mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, without an element of despair even in their consolation, believe only in the God idea, not God Himself.
Those who can't decide.
Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.
Those who can't write, write manuals.
Those who can't, write the instructions.
Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
Those who can, do; those who can't, write.
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
Those who claim the dead never return to life haven't ever been around here at quitting time.
Those who deliberately misuse the terms in a misbegotten attempt at flattery are asking for it.
Those who do not do politics will be done in by politics.
Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
Those who do things in a noble spirit of self-sacrifice are to be avoided at all costs.
Those who do will encounter quick retribution.
Those who don't know, talk.
Those who don't separate people into groups.
Those who don't talk, know.
Those who doubt that beer is a serious subject might ponder its effect on American history.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
Those who have greatness within them do not go in for politics.
Those who have had no share in the good fortunes of the mighty Often have a share in their misfortunes.
Those who have some means think that the most important thing in the world is love.
Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
Those who manage what they do not understand.
Those who profess to favor freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who want rain without thunder and lightning.
Those who separate people into three groups.
Those who understand what they do not manage.
Those who will be able to conquer software will be able to conquer the world.
Those who worship the Apple computer and those who put their faith in the IBM PC are equally convinced that the other camp is damned or deluded.
Thou hast been where bell or diver never went; has slept by many a sailer's side, where sleepless mothers would give their lives to lay them down.
Thou hast seen nothing yet.
Thou saw'st the locked lovers when leaping from their flaming ship; heart to heart they sank beneath the exulting wave; true to each other, when heaven seemed false to them.
Thou shalt not display firearms in the computer room.
Thou shalt not enjoy cancelling a job.
Thou shalt not push buttons just to see what happens.
Thou shalt not worship other computer systems.
Though I know I'll never lose affection For people and things that went before, I know I'll often stop and think about them In my life I'll love you more.
Though Marsh has since gone on to other projects,.
Though Strewzinksi has so far failed to score any points for the Crimson, his jackrabbit speed has made him the least sacked quarterback in the Ivy league.
Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to be maintained.
Though dead he be, it belongs to he; So hand the old bnone over!
Though wind may blow and rain may fall, We must away ere break of day Far over wood and mountain tall.
Thought I'd see you one more time again.
Thought I'd something more to say.
Thousands of days of civilians.
Thrashing is just virtual crashing.
Threatening the machine with violence only aggravates the situation.
Three Midwesterners, a Kansan, a Missourian and an Iowan, all appearing on a quiz program, were asked to complete this sentence: Old MacDonald had a.
Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky, Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone, Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die, One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne In the Land of Mordor where the Shadows lie.
Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene from Don Quixote for a local TV show.
Three be the things I shall have till I die: Laughter and hope and a sock in the eye.
Three be the things I shall never attain: Envy, content, and sufficient champagne.
Three blind men to see fair play, Forty mutes to yell Hooray!
Three days will be devoted to discussion of the ramifications of whodo.
Three golden orbs stand watch; one each to toll the day, hour, minute until predestiny decrees his reawakening.
Three great scientific theories of the structure of the universe are the molecular, the corpuscular and the atomic.
Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write.
Three hours later the paint-splattered lad knocked on the door again.
Three may keep a secret, if two of them are dead.
Three minutes' thought would suffice to find this out; but thought is irksome and three minutes is a long time.
Three o'clock in the afternoon is always just a little too late or a little too early for anything you want to do.
Three out of five engineering consultants recommend Dot-Product for their clients who use vector products.
Three times, it's the story of your life.
Three years ago I carried the flag when Brezhnev was the Secretary; then I carried the flag when it was Andropov's turn, and again when Chernenko was in the Kremlin.
Three years later the boy's father insisted that he give a public concert.
Three years later, the wee dog appears again, wearing boots, jeans, chaps, a Stetson, gun belt, and guns.
Three: Be aware that you live in a malevolent Universe controlled by Murphy's Law, sometimes offset by Brewster's Factor; that's engineering.
Three: one to screw it in, and one to confuse the issue.
Through Test Suites measureless to Man Down to a sunless C.
Through sixty-six and seven, they fought the Congo war, With their fingers on their triggers, knee deep in gore.
Through the process of natural selection, the weak and sick brain cells will die first, leaving only the healthy cells.
Through the years as my buildings have fallen apart, I've worried about it with all of my heart.
Through woven woods in Elvenhome She lightly fled on dancing feet, And left him lonely still to roam In the silent forest listening.
Throw all the other ingredients away.
Throw away documentation and manuals, and users will be a hundred times happier.
Throw away privileges and quotas, and users will do the Right Thing.
Throw away proprietary and site licenses, and there won't be any pirating.
Throw out a line and we'll lasso her.
Throwing up on a freeway at dawn!
Throwing your wait around.
Thufir's a Harkonnen now.
Thus I went and thus I go.
Thus SARTRE programs are left to define their own functions.
Thus he spoke as he climbed.
Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
Thus one has the saying to frob a frob.
Thus seasons dancing, life advancing, Old Time and Nature their changes tell; But never ranging, still unchanging, I adore my bonnie Bell.
Thus the superior man is careful of his words And temperate in eating and drinking.
Thus they achieve the results of programs written in other languages without the tedious, frustrating process of testing and debugging.
Thus, the devastating effects of cerebral atrophy are reversed, and academic performance actually increases beyond previous levels.
Thus, the possibility of your misinterpreting someone else's memo is practically nil.
Thy navel is like a round goblet, which wanteth not liquor: thy belly is like an heap of wheat set about with lillies.
Thy nuncle was dead as a lump o' lead, Afore I found his shinbone.
Thy starlight on the Western Seas.
Thy two breasts are like two young roses that are twins.
Tie me kangaroo down.
Tiger got to hunt, Bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder, Why, why, why?
Tiger got to sleep, Bird got to land; Man got to tell himself he understand.
Till some blind hand Shall brush my wing.
Till somebody we like can be elected.
Tim and I a hunting went We found three damsels in a tent, As they were three, and we were two, I bucked one and Timbuktu.
Tim stood up and proudly said, She's a doctor.
Tim, you be first, she said.
Time and tide wait for no man.
Time as he grows old teaches all things.
Time flies like an arrow.
Time for you to leave.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in.
Time is money and money can't buy you love and I love your outfit - T.
Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once.
Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
Time passed, unheeded.
Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.
Time sure flies when you don't know what you're doing.
Time to be aggressive.
Time washes clean Love's wounds unseen.
Time will end all my troubles, but I don't always approve of Time's methods.
Time-sharing is the junk-mail part of the computer business.
Timing must be perfect now.
Tiny computer chips make coffee that's smooth and full-bodied.
Tip the world over on its side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles.
Tippy, the Wonder Dog!
Tired of being genuine all the time?
Tired of finding that other people are helping themselves to your good liquor at BYOB parties?
Tis man's perdition to be safe, when for the truth he ought to die.
Tis more blessed to give than receive; for example, wedding presents.
Tis the dream of each programmer, Before his life is done, To write three lines of APL, And make the damn things run.
Tis three feet long and two feet wide.
Tis true, 'tis pity, and pity 'tis 'tis true.
To A Quick Young Fox Why jog exquisite bulk, fond crazy vamp, Daft buxom jonquil, zephyr's gawky vice?
To IBM, 'open' means there is a modicum of interoperability among some of their equipment.
To YOU I'm an atheist; to God, I'm the Loyal Opposition.
To a Californian, a person must prove himself criminally insane before he is allowed to drive a taxi in New York.
To a Californian, all New Yorkers are cold; even in heat they rarely go above fifty-eight degrees.
To a Californian, the basic difference between the people and the pigeons in New York is that the pigeons don't shit on each other.
To a New Yorker, all Californians are blond, even the blacks.
To a New Yorker, the only California houses on the market for less than a million dollars are those on fire.
To a person, the board voted to reject the bid when they discovered that the tobacco giant intended to reorganize Israeli Cheddar, Ltd.
To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun.
To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education.
To achieve the next higher rating, you need to score 32 more points.
To activate its captivation, Deposit on its termination, A quantity of particles saline.
To add insult to injury.
To affect the quality of the day, that is the highest of arts.
To allow this use of macros, the preprocessor uses a process that is worth describing, if for no other reason than that we get to use one of the more amusing terms introduced into the C lexicon.
To any truly impartial person, it would be obvious that I am always right.
To argue that gaps in knowledge which will confront the seeker must be filled, not by patient inquiry, but by intuition or revelation, is simply to give ignorance a gratuitous and preposterous dignity.
To ask a politician to lead us is to ask the tail of a dog to lead the dog.
To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
To avoid overload and burnout, keep stress out of your life.
To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
To be a man is to suffer for others.
To be a skeptic is to cultivate street smarts in the battle for control of one's own mind, one's own money, one's own allegiances.
To be a skeptic, in short, is to refuse to be a victim.
To be beautiful is enough!
To be considered successful, a woman must be much better at her job than a man would have to be.
To be excellent when engaged in administration is to be like the North Star.
To be great is to be misunderstood.
To be honest, Harold, Saint Peter sheepishly replied, I didn't recognize you.
To be in one's inmost heart in kindly sympathy with all things; to love all men and allow no selfish thoughts: this is the nature of benevolence and righteousness.
To be intoxicated is to feel sophisticated but not be able to say it.
To be is to be related.
To be loved is very demoralizing.
To be or not to be, that is the bottom line.
To be successful, a woman has to be much better at her job than a man.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit, call it the target.
To be sure, the doctrine of a personal God interfering with natural events could never be refuted, in the real sense, by science, for this doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific knowledge has not yet been able to set foot.
To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
To be who one is, is not to be someone else.
To be wise, the only thing you really need to know is when to say I don't know.
To believe all men honest would be folly.
To believe none so is something worse.
To blame someone else for your mistakes is even more human.
To call a spade a thpade.
To change; make or become different; modify.
To communicate is the beginning of understanding.
To conform with departmental regulations concerning uniform dress.
To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
To cover up the valve stem.
To craunch a marmoset.
To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the competent.
To do more was impossible, to do less, unthinkable.
To do nothing is to be nothing.
To do two things at once is to do neither.
To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
To downgrade the human mind is bad theology.
To err is human, but I can REALLY foul things up.
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out before the pencil, you're overdoing it a little.
To err is human, to forgive is against company policy.
To err is human, to forgive unusual.
To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.
To err is human, to moo bovine.
To err is human, to purr feline.
To err is human, to repent, divine, to persist, devilish.
To err is human, two curs canine.
To err is human; to admit it, a blunder.
To err is human; to forgive is simply not our policy.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
To find out a girl's faults, praise her to her girl friends.
To find that gambling is going on here.
To follow foolish precedents, and wink With both our eyes, is easier than to think.
To generalize is to be an idiot.
To get back on your feet, miss two car payments.
To get something clean, one has to get something dirty.
To get something dirty, one does not have to get anything clean.
To get something done, a committee should consist of no more than three persons, two of them absent.
To get the medium's magic to work for one's aims rather than against them is to attain literacy.
To get to the middle.
To get to the other slide.
To give happiness is to deserve happiness.
To give in, endure humiliation.
To give of yourself, you must first know yourself.
To have died once is enough.
To have succeeded is to have finished one's business on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment he has succeeded in his courtship.
To his lasting surprise there was an insatiable demand for them and he now has 26 thriving branches all over America.
To impress Jodie Foster.
To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
To investigate its internal gases he inserted a tube into that end of the animal not capable of facial expression and struck a match.
To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
To know Edina is to reject it.
To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
To lead people, you must follow behind.
To live is always desirable.
To lose weight, eat less; to gain weight, eat more; if you merely wish to maintain, do whatever you were doing.
To love is good, love being difficult.
To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
To make eggnog, you'll need rum, whiskey, wine gin and, if they are in season, eggs.
To make it palatable, we had to add whiskey.
To make others happy.
To make tax forms true they should read Income Owed Us and Incommode You.
To make the individual uncomfortable, that is my task.
To make us wish that we were in his place.
To manipulate or adjust, to tweak.
To many, total abstinence is easier than perfect moderation.
To me a covenant is a relationship that is based on such things as shared ideals and shared value systems and shared ideas and shared agreement as to the processes we are going to use for working together.
To me, said Eastwood calmly, what a Clint Eastwood picture is, is one that I'm in.
To minimize scheduling confusion, please realize that if you are taking one course which is offered at only one time on a given day, and another which is offered at all times on that day, the second class will be arranged as to afford maximum inconvenience to the student.
To music of a pipe unseen, And light of stars was in her hair, And in her raiment glimmering.
To one large turkey add one gallon of vermouth and a demijohn of Angostura bitters.
To our sweethearts and wives.
To preserve our independence, we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt.
To prevent the sensible ones from going home.
To produce flowcharts with no particular object in mind.
To programmers, the location of non-programmers and activities not related to programming.
To prove it I'll have the last laugh on you.
To prove this to yourself, try opening the refrigerator door before the light comes on.
To punish myself for eating dessert yesterday.
To quiet the enraged husband, the lover suggested, Friends shouldn't fight, let's play gin rummy.
To recall to the mind; think of again.
To reduce domination to a simple relation of doer and done-to is to substitute moral outrage for analysis.
To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
To restore a sense of reality, I think Walt Disney should have a Hardluckland.
To reveal an artist to the people can be to destroy him.
To save a single life is better than to build a seven story pagoda.
To say you got a vote of confidence would be to say you needed a vote of confidence.
To see a need and wait to be asked, is to already refuse.
To see his friend Gregory peck.
To see if it would run.
To see the butcher slap the steak, before he laid it on the block, and give his knife a sharpening, was to forget breakfast instantly.
To see the sights I'm never going to visit.
To see to it that the forces of Napoleon are driven out of Spain.
To see you is to sympathize.
To seek the firm of Clutterbuck and Co.
To spot the expert, pick the one who predicts the job will take the longest and cost the most.
To stamp out flaming ducks.
To stamp out forest fires.
To stand and be still, At the Birkenhead drill, Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
To stay youthful, stay useful.
To stop sinning suddenly.
To stop the unstoppable crash!
To study a subject best, understand it thoroughly before you start.
To such a question Tortue invariably sat silent.
To take a significant step forward, you must make a series of finite improvements.
To tamper with an image, usually to its detriment.
To teach is to learn twice.
To teach is to learn.
To telling only lies.
To the degree that it reflects the thinking of a significant section of the public, this point of view encourages ignorance of and, indeed, contempt for science and for rational methods of approaching truth.
To the dump, to the dump, to the dump dump dump!
To the final arrival, Einstein once again posed the question, What's your IQ?
To the first one he asked, What's your IQ?
To the landlord belongs the doorknobs.
To the late night, double feature, Picture show.
To the stars by aspiration.
To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide a test load.
To thine own self be true.
To think contrary to one's era is heroism.
To this day the Topologists remain the original Mathematicians.
To this the architecture manager responded that if I gave the control program team the responsibility, the result would not in fact be on time, but would also be three months late, and of much lower quality.
To those accustomed to the precise, structured methods of conventional system development, exploratory development techniques may seem messy, inelegant, and unsatisfying.
To treat it as a physical entity, therefore, is misapplication of our engineering skills.
To turn back now would be to deny our history, our capabilities.
To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
To understand this important story, you have to understand how the telephone company works.
To undertake a project, as the word's derivation indicates, means to cast an idea out ahead of oneself so that it gains autonomy and is fulfilled not only by the efforts of its originator but, indeed, independently of him as well.
To update Voltaire, I may kill all msgs from you, but I'll fight for your right to post it, and I'll let it reside on my disks.
To use violence is to already be defeated.
To vacillate or not to vacillate, that is the question.
To venerate expectantly.
To warm myself in the cold.
To watch 3-D movies with.
To which Einstein replied, Tell me, how did the Cubs do this year?
To which Santa replies, Every minute.
To which the heroes reply, that's a pretty good allegation from a bunch of wimpsoes who won't go near a woman on account, can you believe it, of their mystical power being sort of drained out.
To which the thief replied, I have a year, and who knows what might happen in that time.
To which the young girl replied, Yes, Daddy, Mommy thought you would forget.
To whom the mornings are like nights, What must the midnights be!
To write a sonnet you must ruthlessly strip down your words to naked, willing flesh.
To write good code is a worthy challenge, and a source of civilized delight.
To yield to its blandishments is so easy.
To your left is the marina where several senior cabinet officials keep luxury yachts for weekend cruises on the Potomac.
To, from, or at considerable distance.
Tobacco is a filthy weed, That from the devil does proceed; It drains your purse, it burns your clothes, And makes a chimney of your nose.
Today I posted an article and forgot to include my signature.
Today all that has changed: a dim, incoherent knowledge of science is available to anyone.
Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
Today is a good day for information-gathering.
Today is a good day to bribe a high-ranking public official.
Today is my one hundred and eleventh birthday: I am eleventy-one today!
Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.
Today is the last day of your life so far.
Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
Today is what happened to yesterday.
Today it is drastically different, because of the social milieu.
Today the East German pole-vault champion became the West German pole-vault champion.
Today used whimsically to describe the aftermath of a bogon attack.
Today we admire Athens, visit it, preserve the old temples, yet we hardly ever set foot in Corinth.
Today when a man gets married he gets a home, a housekeeper, a cook, a cheering squad and another paycheck.
Today you'll start getting heavy metal radio on your dentures.
Today's Brownie is tomorrow's Cookie!
Today's robots are very primitive, capable of understanding only a few simple instructions such as 'go left', 'go right', and 'build car'.
Today's scientific question is: What in the world is electricity?
Today's thrilling story has been brought to you by Mushies, the great new cereal that gets soggy even without milk or cream.
Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
Today, much of UNIX being done is done on our machines.
Today, of course, it is considered very poor taste to use the F-word except in major motion pictures.
Today, people tend to take tools for granted.
Today, television tells most of the stories to most of the people most of the time.
Toddlers are the stormtroopers of the Lord of Entropy.
Together, a strong community.
Tom Bom, jolly Tom, Tom Bombadillo!
Tom Bombadil, Tom Bombadillo!
Tom Robbins wrote that the only serious question is whether time has a beginning and an end.
Tom goes on before you.
Tom's going home again water-lilies bringing.
Tom's going on ahead candles for to kindle.
Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.
Tom's in a hurry now.
Tom's leg is game, since home he came, And his bootless foot is lasting lame; But Troll don't care, and he's still there With the bone he boned from its owner.
Tommorrow you may be in Utah.
Tomorrow I'll probably still be a dog.
Tomorrow we may come this way Pass them by!
Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately, it can still be changed today.
Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
Too authoritarian; stifles creativity!
Too bad drinking black coffee was contrary to his custom.
Too bad it's not a fence.
Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity.
Too much is just enough.
Too much is not enough.
Too much of anything, even love, isn't necessarily a good thing.
Too much of everything is just enough.
Too much unnecessary exclaiming can lead to a reduction in the effect that an exclamation point has on the reader!
Too often I find that the volume of paper expands to fill the available briefcases.
Too often people have come to me and said, If I had just one wish for anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software.
Too proud to bend When I think about myself.
Too season-wise am I, being country-bred, To tilt at autumn or defy the frost: Snuffing the chill even as my fathers did, I say with them, What's out tonight is lost.
Too thick to navigate and too thin to cultivate.
Toothpaste never hurts the taste of good scotch.
Top scientists agree that with the present rate of consumption, the earth's supply of gravity will be exhausted before the 24th century.
Topologists are just plane folks.
Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.
Toss out halfway down the hall And the system is going to crash.
Total strangers need love, too; and I'm stranger than most.
Totally illogical, there was no chance.
Totally objective; very active and straight to the point.
Toto, I don't think we're in Kansas anymore.
Touch the stained glass with your cheek, And feel its chill upon your blood.
Tout choses sont dites deja, mais comme personne n'ecoute, il faut toujours recommencer.
Touted as an industrial strength beer, and suggested only for use in bars.
Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.
Trailer parks are so goyish that Jews won't go near them.
Training is everything.
Trample anyone who gets in your way.
Transistor and a large sum of money to spend.
Translation of the Latin caveat emptor.
Travel important today; Internal Revenue men arrive tomorrow.
Traveling through New England, a motorist stopped for gas in a tiny village.
Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
Traveling twice the speed of sound I had to be alone.
Treasure Island tunnel at the lights of Oakland and Berkeley and Richmond, not quite sure which turnoff to take when I got to the other end.
Treasury with nothing - and that was the closest our country has ever been to being even.
Treat your friend as if he might become an enemy.
Trendy dance for hip programmers.
Trespassers will be shot.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
Trim and flute edges together.
Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
Troll sat alone on his seat of stone, And munched and mumbled a bare old bone; For many a year he had gnawed it near, For meat was hard to come by.
Troll's old seat is still the same, And the bone he boned from its owner!
Trouble always comes at the wrong time.
Trouble creates a capacity to handle it.
Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees.
Troubles are like babies; they only grow by nursing.
Trucks that overturn on freeways are filled with something sticky.
True happiness will be found only in true love.
True leadership is the art of changing a group from what it is to what it ought to be.
True to our past we work with an inherited, observed, and accepted vision of personal futility, and of the beauty of the world.
True, sometimes there are difficult problems.
Truly a timeless statement.
Truly a woman of the times.
Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
Truly simple systems.
Truly the imago state of Man seems to be terribly distant, but every moult is a step gained.
Truly, he has entered the mystery of the Tao.
Truly, this is not the Tao of Programming.
Truly, this is the Tao of Programming.
Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
Trust in Allah, but tie your camel.
Trust them; leave them alone.
Trust your husband, adore your husband, and get as much as you can in your own name.
Truth can wait; he's used to it.
Truth has always been found to promote the best interests of mankind.
Truth is free, but information costs.
Truth is hard to find and harder to obscure.
Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.
Truth never comes into the world but like a bastard, to the ignominy of him that brought her birth.
Truth will out this morning.
Truthfully, how long will it take?
Try a single person for a change.
Try amazing Dot-Product, the fast, easy way many professionals have used for years and is now available to YOU through this special offer.
Try dressing before you leave the house.
Try his first wife's maiden name, This is more than just a game.
Try not to consider the fact that Things go better with Coke.
Try not to have a good time.
Try the Moo Shu Pork.
Try to avoid Februarys whenever possible.
Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.
Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.
Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
Try to find a pattern.
Try to find the real tense of the report you are reading: Was it done, is it being done, or is something to be done?
Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
Try to get past logging in, We're hacking, hacking, hacking.
Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
Try to keep things straight.
Try to not ever split infinitives.
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm; As if you just squashed a cop.
Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
Try your hand at conversation, gossip is a lie, And sure enough she'll take you home and make you wanna die.
Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only specification is that it should run noiselessly.
Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
Trying to establish voice contact.
Trying to find what is ailing, Living in the land of the free.
Trying to get an education here is like trying to get a drink from a fire hose.
Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
Turing machine program to a frog.
Turn on, tune up, rock out.
Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees.
Turn the other cheek.
Turning back the pages to the times I love best, I wonder if she'll ever do the same, Now the thing that I call livin' is just bein' satisfied, With knowing I got noone left to blame.
Turning quietly to the counterman, he whispered, Weigh down upon the swami's liver!
Turning the curve he waved his hand.
Turning the other cheek merely ensures two bruised cheeks.
Twas brillig, and the slithy toves Did gyre and gimble in the wabe.
Twas midnight, and the UNIX hacks Did gyre and gimble in their cave All mimsy was the CS-VAX And Cory raths outgrabe.
Twas panic, and the slithy brokers Did gyre and tumble in the Crash All flimsy were the Dow Jones stokers And mammon's wrath them bash!
Twenty Percent of Zero is Better than Nothing.
Twenty two thousand days.
Twenty yards from the green, however, he turned on his heel and went back to where his companion was waiting.
Twenty years of romance make a woman look like a ruin; but twenty years of marriage make her something like a public building.
Twice, it's much too much.
Two battleships assigned to the training squadron had been at sea on maneuvers in heavy weather for several days.
Two brothers, Mort and Bill, like to sail.
Two can Live as Cheaply as One for Half as Long.
Two cars in every pot and a chicken in every garage.
Two friends were out drinking when suddenly one lurched backward off his barstool and lay motionless on the floor.
Two game wardens, seven hunters, And a cow.
Two golfers were being held up as the twosome of women in front of them whiffed shots, hunted for lost balls and stood over putts for what seemed like hours.
Two heads are better than one.
