I've got some bad news for you, says the friend.
I've got some great new illusions, right here!
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening.
I've had one of those lives.
I've heard a lot of silly things, but, Lor'!
I've heard about civil Engineers, but I've never met one.
I've just GOT to start labeling my software.
I've just learned about his illness.
I've just whipped up a program to REALLY go and prove it.
I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
I've missed your special date.
I've moved up one at last.
I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember.
I've never been drunk, but often I've been overserved.
I've never done anything illegal before.
I've never tried this, but it sounds as though it should work.
I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.
I've only got 12 cards.
I've read all the greats Both starving and fat, But none was as great as I tot I taw a puddy tat.
I've run DOOM more in the last few days than I have the last few months.
I've seen the forgeries I've sent out.
I've spent almost all of my life with highly intelligent men.
I've started a novel adaptation and the studio advanced me fifty thousand dollars on it.
I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness; And from that full meridian of my glory I haste now to my setting.
I, I am sure that only Real Men could have written such a machine-hogging, cycle-grabbing, all-encompassing monster.
I, through intelligence, Having wrecked my whole life, Only hope the baby will prove Ignorant and stupid.
IBM chose to do all of them.
IBM digs a big HOLE in the ground and covers it with leaves.
IBM uses what I like to call the 'hole-in-the-ground technique' to destroy the competition.
IBM's Yorktown Heights Research Center.
IBM's screens are designed for language, not pictures.
IBM: It may be slow, but it's hard to use.
IF I HAD A MINE SHAFT, I don't think I would just abandon it.
IP is OK if you've got a little informal club, and it doesn't make any difference if it takes a while to fix it.
IRS hates competition!
IT MAKES ME MAD when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, You can't throw that chicken to the dolphins.
Ice Cream cures all ills.
Idaho state law makes it illegal for a man to give his sweetheart a box of candy weighing less than fifty pounds.
Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement.
Identify your visitor.
Idiots, explosives and falling anvils.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
If America weren't incomparably ignorant, how could we have tolerated the last eight years?
If Beethoven's Seventh Symphony is not by some means abridged, it will soon fall into disuse.
If Blake said that, said Father Brian, he never lived in Dublin.
If Diet Coke did not exist it would have been neccessary to invent it.
If Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle get together for lunch, they will call each other Gloria, Suzanne, Deborah and Michelle.
If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three to a can.
If God had a beard, he'd be a UNIX programmer.
If God had intended Man to Smoke, He would have set him on Fire.
If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.
If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit Ears.
If God had intended Men to Smoke, He would have put Chimneys in their Heads.
If God had meant for us to be in the Army, we would have been born with green, baggy skin.
If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
If God had not given us sticky tape, it would have been necessary to invent it.
If God had really intended men to fly, he'd make it easier to get to the airport.
If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would have made them cute and furry.
If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
If God hadn't wanted you to be paranoid, He wouldn't have given you such a vivid imagination.
If God is One, what is bad?
If God is dead, who will save the Queen?
If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
If God wanted us to have a President, He would have sent us a candidate.
If Gorbachev tries to destroy the system or make too many fundamental changes to it, I believe the system will get rid of him.
If He didn't, why is it so close to Texas?
If I abstain from fun and such, I'll probably amount to much; But I shall stay the way I am, Because I do not give a damn.
If I am elected no one will ever have to do their laundry again!
If I bought a pumpkin farm, they'd cancel Halloween.
If I can have honesty, it's easier to overlook mistakes.
If I can read my notes from the Ask Dr.
If I can set up the quote via fast-forwarding and stopping the tape, and without splicing, I don't put ellipses in.
If I can't see them, I make them up.
If I cannot bend Heaven, I shall move Hell.
If I could drop dead right now, I'd be the happiest man alive!
If I could stick a knife in my heart, Suicide right on the stage, Would it be enough for your teenage lust, Would it help to ease the pain?
If I could stick my pen in my heart, I would spill it all over the stage.
If I could walk that way, I wouldn't need the cologne, now would I?
If I cut words off the beginning or end of a quote, I don't put ellipses, but neither do I capitalize something that wasn't capitalized before the cut.
If I do not return to the pulpit this weekend, millions of people will go to hell.
If I do not want others to quote me, I do not speak.
If I don't drive around the park, I'm pretty sure to make my mark.
If I don't see you in the future, I'll see you in the pasture.
If I don't study it, how can I know it?
If I ever get around to writing that language depompisifier, it will change almost all occurences of the word paradigm into example or model.
If I go into the street, I'm apt to be bitten by a horse.
If I had a formula for bypassing trouble, I would not pass it around.
If I had any humility I would be perfect.
If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from a laboratory jar at Harvard.
If I had heart failure right now, I couldn't be a more fortunate man!
If I had it to do over again, I would go places and do things and travel lighter than I have.
If I had my life to live over, I would start bare-footed earlier in the spring and stay that way later in the fall.
If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
If I had the whole universe, I'd give it to you, Janice.
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner.
If I have not seen as far as others, it is because giants were standing on my shoulders.
If I have not seen so far it is because I stood in giant's footsteps.
If I have seen farther than others, it is because I was standing on the shoulders of giants.
If I have to cry, I think of my sex life.
If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
If I kiss you, that is an psychological interaction.
If I love you, what business is it of yours?
If I promised you the moon and the stars, would you believe it?
If I set here and stare at nothing long enough, people might think I'm an engineer working on something.
If I tell you there are 3.
If I told you you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
If I traveled to the end of the rainbow As Dame Fortune did intend, Murphy would be there to tell me The pot's at the other end.
If I want your opinion, I'll ask you to fill out the necessary form.
If I were a grave-digger or even a hangman, there are some people I could work for with a great deal of enjoyment.
If I were promoted, I would do nothing but waste everyone's time.
If I were to walk on water, the press would say I'm only doing it because I can't swim.
If I were you, I'd walk right up and smack them in the face.
If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?
If I win, you get a divorce so I can marry her.
If I'd known computer science was going to be like this, I'd never have given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
If I'm in bed each night by ten, I may get back my looks again.
If I'm not there I know I'm not dead.
If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
If I'm what I eat, I'm a chocolate chip cookie.
If I've told you once, I've told you a thousand times, resist hyperbole.
If Interactive EasyFlow doesn't work: tough.
If Jesus Christ came back today, He and I would get into our brown corduroys and go to the nearest jean store and overturn the racks of blue denim.
If Jesus came back today, and saw what was going on in his name, he'd never stop throwing up.
If John Madden steps outside on February 2, looks down, and doesn't see his feet, we'll have 6 more weeks of Pro football.
If Karl, instead of writing a lot about Capital, had made a lot of Capital, it would have been much better.
If Machiavelli were a hacker, he'd have worked for the CSSG.
If Murphy's Law can go wrong, it will.
If Patrick Henry thought that taxation without representation was bad, he should see how bad it is with representation.
If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with pool cues, who would win?
If Robert Di Niro assassinates Walter Slezak, will Jodie Foster marry Bonzo?
If a camel flies, no one laughs if it doesn't get very far.
If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast is a camel's behind.
If a child annoys you, quiet him by brushing his hair.
If a computer can't directly address all the RAM you can use, it's just a toy.
If a fool persists in his folly he shall become wise.
If a guru falls in the forest with no one to hear him, was he really a guru at all?
If a jury in a criminal trial stays out for more than twenty-four hours, it is certain to vote acquittal, save in those instances where it votes guilty.
If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
If a man had a child who'd gone anti-social, killed perhaps, he'd still tend to protect that child.
If a man has a strong faith he can indulge in the luxury of skepticism.
If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed.
If a man loses his reverence for any part of life, he will lose his reverence for all of life.
If a man speaks of his honor, make him pay cash.
If a man stay away from his wife for seven years, the law presumes the separation to have killed him; yet according to our daily experience, it might well prolong his life.
If a man would not labour in the salt and rock quarries then he should not accept of the Earth that which he refuses to give of himself.
If a nation expects to be ignorant and free,.
If a nation values anything more than freedom, it will lose its freedom; and the irony of it is that if it is comfort or money it values more, it will lose that, too.
If a person is innocent of a crime, then he is not a suspect.
If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.
If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.
If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped.
If a research project is not worth doing, it is not worth doing well.
If a small boy can get dirty, he will.
If a straight line fit is required, obtain only two data points.
If a string has one end, it has another.
If a string has one end, then it has another end.
If a subordinate asks you a pertinent question, look at him as if he had lost his senses.
If a system is administered wisely, its users will be content.
If a tarpaulin can flap, it will.
If a team is in a positive frame of mind, it will have a good attitude.
If a teenager can go out, he will.
If a thing's worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
If a thing's worth having, it's worth cheating for.
If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever to get a fix of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude that netnews is far more addictive than cocaine.
If all Russians talk as much as the Karamazovs did, I don't see how they found time to become a major world power.
If all be true that I do think, There be five reasons why one should drink; Good friends, good wine, or being dry, Or lest we should be by-and-by, Or any other reason why.
If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
If all else fails, lower your standards.
If all men were brothers, would you let one marry your sister?
If all the Chinese simultaneously jumped into the Pacific off a 10 foot platform erected 10 feet off their coast, it would cause a tidal wave that would destroy everything in this country west of Nebraska.
If all the seas were ink, And all the reeds were pens, And all the skies were parchment, And all the men could write, These would not suffice To write down all the red tape Of this Government.
If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
If all the world's economists were laid end to end, we wouldn't reach a conclusion.
If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
If all your friends jumped off the cliff, would you jump too?
If an '80s couple goes to a restaurant where they have made a reservation three weeks in advance, and they are informed that their table is available, they stalk out immediately, because they know it is not an excellent restaurant.
If an S and an I and an O and a U With an X at the end spell Su; And an E and a Y and an E spell I, Pray what is a speller to do?
If an artist is beaten, none shall pay fines for it.
If an average person on the subway turns to you, like an ancient mariner, and starts telling you her tale, you turn away or nod and hope she stops, not just because you fear she might be crazy.
If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.
If any man wishes to be humbled and mortified, let him become president of Harvard.
If any of us had been born into a more enlightened age, I'm sure we would have immediately been taken out and shot.
If any word is improper at the end of a sentence, a linking verb is.
If anyone has seen my dog, please contact me at x2883 as soon as possible.
If anything can go wrong, it will.
If at first you do succeed, try to hide your astonishment.
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
If at first you don't succeed, quit; don't be a nut about success.
If at first you don't succeed, redefine success.
If at first you don't succeed, try, try again.
If at first you don't succeed, you are running about average.
If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
If at first you don't succeed, you're doing about average.
If at first you fricasee, fry, fry again.
If atheism is to be used to express the state of mind in which God is identified with the unknowable, and theology is pronounced to be a collection of meaningless words about unintelligible chimeras, then I have no doubt, and I think few people doubt, that atheists are as plentiful as blackberries.
If bag not available, steam in greased basin covered by greaseproof paper and cloth for four to five hours.
If bankers can count, how come they have eight windows and only four tellers?
If built in great numbers, motels will be used for nothing but illegal purposes.
If condition persists, consult your physician.
If cyberpunk is just a word we use to describe a particular style and imagery in sf, how can it be dead?
If desire arises within him, he utters the magic syllables that causes the desired object to appear.
If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
If economic rehabilitation is the ultimate goal of drug testing, then criteria abandoning the rehabilitation of the drug-using worker is the purest of hypocrisy and the worst of rationalization.
If elected, Zippy pledges to each and every American a 55-year-old houseboy.
If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
If ever the pleasure of one has to be bought by the pain of the other, there better be no trade.
If everybody minded their own business, the world would go around a deal faster.
If everybody pulled that kind of subversive stunt, the economy would collapse overnight.
If everything is coming your way then you're in the wrong lane.
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing.
If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.
If for every rule there is an exception, then we have established that there is an exception to every rule.
If graphics hackers are so smart, why can't they get the bugs out of fresh paint?
If happiness is in your destiny, you need not be in a hurry.
If he closes his eyes, he causes the world to disappear.
If he does not, then he is not a master, after all, and you may feel free to kick his ass.
If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist, in whatever way he wants.
If he had only learnt a little less, how infinitely better he might have taught much more!
If he learns from his mistakes, pretty soon he'll know everything.
If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
If he opens his eyes, he causes the world to come back.
If he should ever change his faith, it'll be because he no longer thinks he's God.
If he should stop before I wake, Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
If he's got to be careful not to drink too much, it's because he's not to be trusted when he does.
If his forehead is bruised, he did it himself and the case is dismissed.
If his forehead is not bruised, the other man did it and must pay three silver pieces.
If hostile, kill him.
If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?
If imprinted foil seal under cap is broken or missing when purchased, do not use.
If in any problem you find yourself doing an immense amount of work, the answer can be obtained by simple inspection.
If intelligent people invested intense energy in issues that now seem foolish to us, then the failure lies in our understanding of their world, not in their distorted perceptions.
If it ain't baroque, don't phiques it.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
If it ain't broke, fix it.
If it breaks then you get to keep both pieces.
If it breaks, well, it wasn't working anyway.
If it didn't taste bad, it wouldn't be good for you.
If it does exist, it's out of date.
If it doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a corner.
If it doesn't run Unix, forget it.
If it doesn't smell yet, it's pretty fresh.
If it doesn't work, it's physics.
If it fails, admit it frankly and try another.
If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.
If it happens once, it's a bug.
If it happens twice, it's a feature.
If it happens, it must be possible.
If it has syntax, it isn't user friendly.
If it heals good, say it.
If it is a Miracle, any sort of evidence will answer, but if it is a Fact, proof is necessary.
If it is not, there is no cause for adjournment.
If it is, I choose to be found doing my duty.
If it isn't aesthetically pleasing, it's probably wrong.
If it only made hardware, nobody would buy it.
If it only maintained systems, people would treat it like a servant.
If it pours before seven, it has rained by eleven.
If it should exist, it doesn't.
If it smells it's chemistry, if it crawls it's biology, if it doesn't work it's physics.
If it starts working, we'll fix it.
If it stinks, it's chemistry.
If it was bad, it will be back.
If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.
If it wasn't so warm out today, it would be cooler.
If it were not for laughter, there would be no Tao.
If it were not for the presents, an elopement would be preferable.
If it were thought that anything I wrote was influenced by Robert Frost, I would take that particular work of mine, shred it, and flush it down the toilet, hoping not to clog the pipes.
If it were, it would have an enormous crowd of excellence-oriented people like themselves waiting, their beepers going off like crickets in the night.
If it weren't for bad luck, I'd have no luck at all.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would ever get done.
If it works as good as the Prohibition one did, why, in five years we would have the smartest race of people on earth.
If it works, it isn't X windows.
If it works, it's out of date.
If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.
If it's broke, don't fix it.
If it's down, we'll blow it up.
If it's green or wiggles, it's biology.
If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.
If it's not loud, it doesn't work!
If it's not working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
If it's too loud, you're too old.
If it's up, we'll shoot it down.
If it's working, the diagnostics say it's fine.
If it's worth doing, it's worth doing for money.
If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.
If life exists on other planets, this may be the first message received from us.
If life gives you lemons, make lemonade.
If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.
If life is merely a joke, the question still remains: for whose amusement?
If life isn't what you wanted, have you asked for anything else?
If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
If little green men land in your back yard, hide any little green women you've got in the house.
If love is the answer, could you rephrase the question?
If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by the page number.
If men are not afraid to die, it is of no avail to threaten them with death.
If men live in constant fear of dying, And if breaking the law means a man will be killed, Who will dare to break the law?
If money can't buy happiness, I guess you'll just have to rent it.
If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
If not across the Bay, then up the Golden Gate or down 101 to Los Altos or La Honda.
If not that, at least make some money.
If not voting could change the system, it would be illegal.
If not, how do we know that?
If not, the bear would just as likely remove your head with one swat of a paw.
If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking, and from that to incivility and procrastination.
If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
If one inquires why the American tradition is so strong against any connection of State and Church, why it dreads even the rudiments of religious teaching in state-maintained schools, the immediate and superficial answer is not far to seek.
If one passenger were to give a seat to someone who fainted in the aisle, say, the others on the bus would become disoriented and imagine they were in Topeka Kansas.
If one studies too zealously, one easily loses his pants.
If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
If only Dionysus were alive!
If only God would give me some clear sign!
If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.
If only they could see themselves in a pair of brown corduroys like mine instead of this awful, boring blue denim.
If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.
If only you knew she loved you, you could face the uncertainty of whether you love her.
If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
If others differ from him in opinion concerning those qualities, it is open to them to say so; and the discussion, truthfully conducted, must lead to public advantage: the discussion stimulates curiosity, and curiosity stimu- lates invention.
If our behavior is strict, we do not need fun!
If parents would only realize how they bore their children.
If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it.
If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.
If people concentrated on the really important things in life, there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
If people drank ink instead of Schlitz, they'd be better off.
If people have to choose between freedom and sandwiches, they will take sandwiches.
If people see that you mean them no harm, they'll never hurt you, nine times out of ten!
If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
If pregnancy were a book they would cut the last two chapters.
If pro is the opposite of con, what is the opposite of progress?
If programmers wrote programs the way builders build buildings, we'd still be using autocoder and running compile decks.
If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.
If rabbits' feet are so lucky, what happened to the rabbit?
If rage shatters his inner harmony, the unity of the world is shattered.
If rats are experimented upon, they will develop cancer.
If reporters don't know that truth is plural, they ought to be lawyers.
If reproducibility may be a problem, conduct the test only once.
If researchers wrote nursery rhymes.
If science were explained to the average person in a way that is accessible and exciting, there would be no room for pseudoscience.
If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical world.
If she had not been cupric in her ions, Her shape ovoidal, Their romance might have flourished.
If she had not said what he wanted to hear, And he had not done just the same, They'd have been far more honest, and never have met, And would not have had fun with the game.
If she had touched me, he said very softly, I would have been hers and not my own, not ever again.
If she tells her tale on camera, you might listen.
If she's a deck, and Danbala's a program, what's cyberspace?
If so, then let the Famous Programmers' School lead you on.
If so, we can use TWO DOZEN!
If so, welcome to National Fat Week.
If so, you probably have the makings of an excellent legal case.
If society fits you comfortably enough, you call it freedom.
If some day we are defeated, well, war has its fortunes, good and bad.
If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
If somebody gets handed a name like H.
If someone had told me I would be Pope one day, I would have studied harder.
If someone is turning a knob on an oscilloscope, then if he's carefully adjusting it he is probably tweaking it; if he is just turning it but looking at the screen he is probably twiddling it; but if he's just doing it because turning a knob is fun, he's frobbing it.
If someone says he will do something without fail, he won't.
If someone were to ask me for a short cut to sensuality, I would suggest he go shopping for a used 427 Shelby-Cobra.
If something has not yet gone wrong then it would ultimately have been beneficial for it to go wrong.
If something important happens anywhere at all in the world, no matter what time of the day or night, you can always change the channel.
If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the way they do?
If that doesn't terrify you, it should.
If that happened, he told her, she should fire her gun three times into the air and he would come to her aid.
If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem.
If that man in the PTL is such a healer, why can't he make his wife's hairdo go down?
If that's the worst pain you'll ever feel, you should be thankful.
If that's too soon, you can leave in a minute and a huff.
If the American dream is for Americans only, it will remain our dream and never be our destiny.
If the English language made any sense, lackadaisical would have something to do with a shortage of flowers.
If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!
If the Tao is great, then the operating system is great.
If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would presumably flunk it.
If the application is great, then the user is pleased and there is harmony in the world.
If the bear liked you, you were knighted on the spot.
If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however, church attendance will exceed all expectations.
If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
If the colleges were better, if they really had it, you would need to get the police at the gates to keep order in the inrushing multitude.
If the compiler is great, then the application is great.
If the compiler is greater, then the applications is great.
If the ends don't justify the means, then what does?
If the facts do not conform to the theory, they must be disposed of.
If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
If the fried druit gets stuck in the beaters, just pry it loose with a screwdriver.
If the future isn't what it used to be, does that mean that the past is subject to change in times to come?
If the gentleman sprayed you inadvertently to accompany enthusiastic discourse, you may step back two paces, bring out your handkerchief, and go through the motions of wiping your nose, while trailing the cloth along your face to pick up whatever needs mopping along the route.
If the girl feels anything for you at all, you'll know.
If the girl you love moves in with another guy once, it's more than enough.
If the government doesn't trust the people, why doesn't it dissolve them and elect a new people?
If the grass is greener on other side of fence, consider what may be fertilizing it.
If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't.
If the man in the glass is your friend.
If the master dies and the disciple grieves, the lives of both have been wasted.
If the meanings of true and false were switched, then this sentence would not be false.
If the odds are a million to one against something occurring, chances are 50-50 it will.
If the operating system is great, then the compiler is great.
If the path be beautiful, let us not ask where it leads.
If the probability of success is not almost one, it is damn near zero.
If the program fails in these requirements, it will be in a state of disorder and confusion.
If the rich could pay the poor to die for them, what a living the poor could make!
If the shoe fits, buy the other one too.
If the shoe fits, it's ugly.
If the thunder don't get you, then the lightning will.
If the vending machine doesn't sell it, they don't eat it.
If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job.
If the very old will remember, the very young will listen.
If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down.
If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down.
If their object in going down was to participate in the Thanksgiving festivities of that city, they would arrive the day after the affair, and of course be sadly disappointed thereby.
If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.
If there are more red specks left than black specks, we win.
If there are self-made purgatories, then we all have to live in them.
If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.
If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur of this life.
If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
If there is any realistic deterrent to marriage, it's the fact that you can't afford divorce.
If there is harmony within him, the world is harmonious.
If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?
If there is no wind, row.
If there isn't a population problem, why is the government putting cancer in the cigarettes?
If there was any justice in the world, trust would be a four-letter word.
If there were a school for, say, sheet metal workers, that after three years left its graduates as unprepared for their careers as does law school, it would be closed down in a minute, and no doubt by lawyers.
If there were no witches, human testimony and human reason are alike destitute of value.
If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't hesitate to ask!
If there's one thing I hate, it's a liar.
If these three aren't enough, just stay at your home directory and let all processes take their course.
If they be inhabited, what a scope for misery and folly.
If they be not inhabited, what a waste of space.
If they bring a car back late we overlook it.
If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you.
If they can't understand, they can't disagree.
If they come out of habit, they become tiresome.
If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.
If they do foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.
If they don't come back, then call them up when you're drunk.
If they find you, LIE!
If they had not dared to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
If they recalled every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become insupportable.
If they were so inclined, they could impeach him because they don't like his necktie.
If they work, they go in the Book.
If they're smart, that is.
If they're those little pastry things where you can't tell what's inside, you take one, bite off about two-thirds of it, then say: This is cheese!
If they've had a crash and it doesn't involve another vehicle we might overlook that too.
If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.
If this be error and upon me proved, I never writ, nor no man ever loved.
If this doesn't work, use the other side of the brush on the other end of the child.
If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.
If this had been an actual emergency, do you really think we'd stick around to tell you?
If this is a service economy, why is the service so bad?
If this is the case, then programmers stand on one another's toes, and software engineers dig each other's graves.
If this is the way Queen Victoria treats her prisoners, he remarked, she doesn't deserve to have any.
If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
If time heals all wounds, how come the belly button stays the same?
If tin whistles are made of tin, what are foghorns made of?
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely.
If voting could change the system, it would be illegal.
If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.
If we are to be eaten, we don't need to taste good.
If we can ever make red tape nutritional, we can feed the world.
If we can prevent the government from wasting the labor of the people, under the pretense of caring for them, they will be happy.
If we can't fix it, it ain't broke.
If we could sell our experiences for what they cost us, we would all be millionaires.
If we do not change our direction we are likely to end up where we are headed.
If we don't find ways to begin to understand that capitalism's highest potential lies in the common good, not in the individual good, then we're risking the system itself.
If we don't survive, we don't do anything else.
If we heard a noise at night, we'd bark ourselves.
If we just find a big enough wrench.
If we men married the women we deserved, we should have a very bad time of it.
If we run into such debts, we must be taxed in our meat and drink, in our necessities and in our comforts, in our labor and in our amusements.
If we see the light at the end of the tunnel, it's the light of an oncoming train.
If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world.
If we suffer tamely a lawless attack upon our liberty, we encourage it, and involve others in our doom.
If we travel together we will become famous and earn vast sums of money.
If we value the lifelong learning of arts and letters as a springboard for personal and societal growth, should any less effort be spent to make computing a part of our lives?
If we went around the moon it would not make a pennyworth of difference to me or my work.
If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage.
If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us with alarm clocks.
If we will candidly confess the truth, we know as little of the operation of the nerves, as he did of the manner in which the earth is supported: and our hypothesis about animal spirits, or about the tension and vibrations of the nerves, are as like to be true, as his about the support of the eart You are transported to a room where you are faced by a wizard who points to you and says, Them's fighting words!
If we won't stand together, we don't stand a chance.
If what already is, is more important than what isn't, the game is over.
If what they've been doing hasn't solved the problem, tell them to do something else.
If while you are in school, there is a shortage of qualified personnel in a particular field, then by the time you graduate with the necessary qualifications, that field's employment market is glutted.
If wishes were horses, then beggars would be thieves.
If women are supposed to be less rational and more emotional at the beginning of our menstrual cycle, when the female hormone is at its lowest level, then why isn't it logical to say that in those few days women behave the most like the way men behave all month long?
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
If you MUST get married, it is always advisable to marry beauty.
If you add an s to this, Great is the metamorphosis.
If you always postpone pleasure you will never have it.
If you analyse anything, you destroy it.
If you are a decent person, you will not sell me another book.
If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it?
If you are a news admin, or there is one on your machine, try news.
If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
If you are afraid of loneliness, don't marry.
If you are beginning to doubt what I am saying, you are probably hallucinating.
If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if brusque, your character.
If you are for yourself, then what are you?
If you are gentle where he is rough, if you are polite where he is uncouth, then he will recognize you as potentially worthy.
If you are given a take-home exam, you will forget where you live.
If you are given an open-book exam, you will forget your book.
If you are going to walk on thin ice, you may as well dance.
If you are good, you will be assigned all the work.
If you are honest because honesty is the best policy, your honesty is corrupt.
If you are in a fit of the blues, go nowhere else.
If you are looking for a kindly, well-to-do older gentleman who is no longer interested in sex, take out an ad in The Wall Street Journal.
If you are not for yourself, who will be for you?
If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than words.
If you are over 80 years old and accompanied by your parents, we will cash your check.
If you are real good, you will get out of it.
If you are shooting under 80 you are neglecting your business; over 80 you are neglecting your golf.
If you are smart enough to know that you're not smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.
If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.
If you are what you eat, does that mean Euell Gibbons really was a nut?
If you aren't rich you should always look useful.
If you ask them a real tax question, such as how you can cheat, they're useless.
If you call a wee thing with chubby cheeks and pink hair ribbons a woman, you will probably not get into trouble, and if you do, you will be able to handle it because she will be under three feet tall.
If you call to ask about the ingredients, you are told that you don't need to know.
If you can afford to advertise, you don't need to.
If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars.
If you can get close enough to look into her eyes There's something special right behind the bitterness she hides.
If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, then you clearly don't understand the situation.
If you can lead it to water and force it to drink, it isn't a horse.
If you can read this, you're too close.
If you can survive death, you can probably survive anything.
If you can write a nation's stories, you needn't worry about who makes its laws.
If you can't be careful, give me a call.
If you can't be good, be careful.
If you can't debate me, then there is no way in hell you'll out-insult me.
If you can't get a taxi, you can leave in a huff.
If you can't get your work done in the first 24 hours, work nights.
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
If you can't read this, blame a teacher.
If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
If you can't say anything nice, say nothing at all.
If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
If you can't, at least don't hurt others.
If you can, help others.
If you cannot in the long run tell everyone what you have been doing, your doing was worthless.
If you close your arms about love you'll find you are left only holding yourself.
If you collapse on a street in New York, plan to spend a few days there.
If you commute, there will be a minimum of 6 hours between the two classes.
If you compare your outputs with those of others, you may be surprised, for always there will be greater and lesser numbers than you have crunched.
If you continually give you will continually have.
If you contribute 30 fortunes or more, you will receive a free subscription to The Fortune Hunter, our monthly program guide.
If you contribute 50 or more, you will receive a free Fortune Hunter coffee mug.
If you dared, I'd ask you to go dig up your ides under brown- tubered skies.
If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
If you didn't have most of your friends, you wouldn't have most of your problems.
If you didn't have to work so hard, you'd have more time to be depressed.
If you disagree with these religious groups on a particular moral issue, they complain, they threaten you with a loss of money or votes or both.
If you do a job too well, you'll get stuck with it.
If you do not think about the future, you cannot have one.
If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
If you do something right once, someone will ask you to do it again.
If you do think, don't speak.
If you do your best the rest of the way, that takes care of everything.
If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
If you don't care where you are, you ain't lost.
If you don't do it now, you'll hate yourself in the morning.
If you don't do it, you'll never know what would have happened if you had done it.
If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?
If you don't drink it, someone else will.
If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
If you don't know what game you're playing, don't ask what the score is.
If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
If you don't like it, you can lump it.
If you don't like the answer, you shouldn't have asked the question.
If you don't like the way I drive, stay off the sidewalk!
If you don't like this disclaimer: tough.
If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
If you don't strike oil in twenty minutes, stop boring.
If you don't trust the users, you make them untrustworthy.
If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do: Pour a little Lavoris in the toilet.
If you don't, it's its.
If you drink, don't park.
If you drive a big, patriotic, American car you have nothing to worry about.
If you ever want to get anywhere in politics, my boy, you're going to have to get a toehold in the public eye.
If you ever want to have a lot of fun, I recommend that you go off and program an imbedded system.
If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will.
If you fail to plan, plan to fail.
If you fall in a pond, check your pockets for fish.
If you feel powerless over your fear, you have not yet admitted that it is yours, to do with as you will.
If you find a solution and become attached to it, the solution may become your next problem.
If you flaunt it, expect to have it trashed.
If you float on instinct alone, how can you calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
If you fool around with something long enough, it will eventually break.
If you give Congress a chance to vote on both sides of an issue, it will always do it.
If you give a man enough rope, he'll claim he's tied up at the office.
If you give him a new tie, he will pretend to like it, but deep inside he will hate you.
If you go on with this nuclear arms race, all you are going to do is make the rubble bounce.
If you go out of your mind, do it quietly, so as not to disturb those around you.
If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.
If you had better tools, you could more effectively demonstrate your total incompetence.
If you had just a minute to breathe, And they granted you one final wish, Would you ask for something Like another chance?
If you have a mad dog with rabies, you take a gun and shoot him.
If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
If you have already paid, please disregard this message.
If you have never been hated by your child, you have never been a parent.
If you have no ice cream, I will take it away from you.
If you have not already heard the analogy, the answer is shattering.
If you have nothing to do, don't do it here.
If you have received a letter inviting you to speak at the dedication of a new cat hospital, and you hate cats, your reply, declining the invitation, does not necessarily have to cover the full range of your emotions.
If you have some ice cream, I will give it to you.
If you have the slightest bit of intellectual integrity you cannot support the government.
If you have to ask how much it is, you can't afford it.
If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
If you have to ask, you're not entitled to know.
If you have to hate, hate gently.
If you have to lie to someone, it's their fault.
If you have to think about some- thing so hard, then it's bullshit anyway; that's the idea.
If you have to travel on the Titanic, why not go first class?
If you haven't enjoyed the material in the last few lectures then a career in chartered accountancy beckons.
If you hype it and it fails, then it was just a hype.
If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot yourself in the posterior.
If you keep an open mind people will throw a lot of garbage in it.
If you keep anything long enough, you can throw it away.
If you keep making faces, someday it'll freeze that way.
If you keep sucking your thumb, it'll fall off.
If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of rubbish into it.
If you knew what to say next, would you say it?
If you knew what you were doing you'd probably be bored.
If you know the answer to a question, don't ask.
If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end.
If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn 365 useless things.
If you leave the guy alive out of misguided softheartedness, he will repay your generosity of spirit by suing you for causing his subsequent paraplegia and seek to force you to support him for the rest of his rotten life.
If you liked the mountains, head for the Busch!
If you list all the newsgroups in the same article, some newsreaders will only show the the article to the reader once!
If you live in a country run by committee, be on the committee.
If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat.
If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made because very few people die past the age of a hundred.
If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
If you lose a million because Interactive EasyFlow messes up, it's you that's out the million, not us.
If you lose a son you can always get another, but there's only one Maltese Falcon.
If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get rich, or famous or both.
If you love someone, set them free.
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep.
If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really make them think they'll hate you.
If you managed to read all three questions without wondering why we asked them, you may have a future as a computer programmer.
If you marry a man who cheats on his wife, you'll be married to a man who cheats on his wife.
If you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break.
If you miss, you may hit a star.
If you mistake what is relative for something certain, you have strayed far from the ultimate truth.
If you need help, call the C.
If you need some help, give us a call.
If you notice that a person is deceiving you, they must not be deceiving you very well.
If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
If you order before midnight, you'll also get Famous Numbers of Famous People as a bonus gift, absolutely free!
If you own a machine, you are in turn owned by it, and spend your time serving it.
If you perceive that there are four possible ways in which a procedure can go wrong, and circumvent these, then a fifth way will promptly develop.
If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you.
If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.
If you push the extra ice button on the soft drink vending machine, you won't get any ice.
If you push the no ice button, you'll get ice, but no cup.
If you put it off long enough, it might go away.
If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out but tomfoolery.
If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a restaurant.
If you rap your knuckles against a window jamb or door, if you brush your leg against a bed or desk, if you catch your foot in a curled- up corner of a rug, or strike a toe against a desk or chair, go back and repeat the sequence.
If you really care about the person, you do what's necessary, or that's the end.
If you really need to know, I not only pledged a half million but I've already paid them half of it.
If you refuse to accept anything but the best you very often get it.
If you reread your work, you can find on rereading a great deal of repetition can be avoided by rereading and editing.
If you resist reading what you disagree with, how will you ever acquire deeper insights into what you believe?
If you see Tubby in a parking lot he may have a sheepish grin.
If you see a bright streak in the sky coming at you, duck.
If you sell diamonds, you cannot expect to have many customers.
If you sit down at a poker game and don't see a sucker, get up.
If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research.
If you stew apples like cranberries, they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker, It is slick to stick a lock upon your stock.
If you stick your head in the sand, one thing is for sure, you're gonna get your rear kicked.
If you stole a dog and were caught, you were punished with twelve rabbit punches, although it was hard to find rabbits big enough or strong enough to punch you.
If you suspect a man, don't employ him.
If you take a single step, you'll not only repay the damages but stand trial for perjury.
If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.
If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real harm.
If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
If you think and speak, don't write.
If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
If you think big enough, you'll never have to do it.
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
If you think our liquor laws are funny, you should see our underwear!
If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with your Bic.
If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
If you think the system is working, ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.
If you think they will change everything and become a free, open society, forget it!
If you think things are in a mess now, just wait!
If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you lack sufficient imagination.
If you think you have the solution, the question was poorly phrased.
If you think, speak and write, don't sign.
If you think, speak, write and sign, don't be surprised.
If you throw a New Year's Party, the worst thing that you can do would be to throw the kind of party where your guests wake up today, and call you to say they had a nice time.
If you took all of the grains of sand in the world, and lined them up end to end in a row, you'd be working for the government!
If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable.
If you took everyone who's ever been to a Dead show, and lined them up, they'd stretch halfway to the moon and back.
If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.
If you try to take his place, It is like trying to be a master carpenter and cutting wood.
If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything.
If you visit a scientist's house on a sultry August day, you'll find a cheerful fire roaring on the hearth and the scientist sitting nearby, remarking on how cool he is and drinking heavily.
If you wait long enough, it will go away.
If you want divine justice, die.
If you want me to be a good little bunny just dangle some carats in front of my nose.
If you want something, it can wait.
If you want the best things to happen in corporate life you have to find ways to be hospitable to the unusual person.
If you want to be ruined, marry a rich woman.
If you want to come, you're not invited.
If you want to create a haven for people with narrower visions, feel free.
If you want to eat hippopatomus, you've got to pay the freight.
If you want to get anywhere, you'll have to run much faster.
If you want to get rich from writing, write the sort of thing that's read by persons who move their lips when the're reading to themselves.
If you want to give a man something practical, consider tires.
If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.
If you want to know what god thinks of money, just look at the people he gave it to.
If you want to know what happens to you when you die, go look at some dead stuff.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.
If you want to read about love and marriage you've got to buy two separate books.
If you want to see card tricks, you have to expect to take cards.
If you want to stay there all night, it's okay with me.
If you want to travel around the world and be invited to speak at a lot of different places, just write a Unix operating system.
If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the Constitution.
If you want your spouse to listen and pay strict attention to every word you say, talk in your sleep.
If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your head.
If you wants to get elected president, you'se got to think up some memoraboble homily so's school kids can be pestered into memorizin' it, even if they don't know what it means.
If you waste your time cooking, you'll miss the next meal.
If you weren't my teacher, I'd think you just deleted all my files.
If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and heartbeats.
If you win, I promise never to see her again.
If you wish to be happy for a month, kill your pig and eat it.
If you wish to be happy for one hour, get drunk.
If you wish to be happy for three days, get married.
If you wish to be happy forever, learn to fish.
If you wish to succeed, consult three old people.
If you wish women to love you, be original; I know a man who wore fur boots summer and winter, and women fell in love with him.
If you would keep a secret from an enemy, tell it not to a friend.
If you would know the value of money, go try to borrow some.
If you would like, I could sing it for you.
If you would understand your own age, read the works of fiction produced in it.
If you'll allow me, I'd like to buy it for you.
If you'll excuse me a minute, I'm going to have a cup of coffee.
If you're a female Emperor penguin in the Antarctic.
If you're bored, I've got some chores for you.
If you're careful enough, nothing bad or good will ever happen to you.
If you're carrying a torch, put it down.
If you're constantly being mistreated, you're cooperating with the treatment.
If you're crossing the nation in a covered wagon, it's better to have four strong oxen than 100 chickens.
If you're ever walking down the street and you notice some people who look particularly smug, the odds are that they are taking tools for granted.
If you're feeling good, don't worry.
If you're going to America, bring your own food.
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
If you're happy, you're successful.
If you're like most homeowners, you're afraid that many repairs around your home are too difficult to tackle.
If you're looking for trouble, I can offer you a wide selection.
If you're not careful, you're going to catch something.
If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was this little hole in the bottom.
If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war, As well as by traffic and crime, Consider how worry-free gophers are, Though living on burrowed time.
If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe?
If your aim in life is nothing, you can't miss.
If your bread is stale, make toast.
If your child simply grows up to be someone who does not use the word collectible as a noun, you can consider yourself an unqualified success.
If your child thinks he wants Murderous Bob, the Doll with the Face You Can Rip Right Off, you'd better get it.
If your cursor finds a menu item followed by a dash, And the double-clicking icon puts your window in the trash, And your data is corrupted 'cause the index doesn't hash, then your situation's hopeless, and your system's gonna crash!
If your hands are clean and your cause is just and your demands are reasonable, at least it's a start.
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem.
If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
If your information isn't in their database, then you simply don't get to go anywhere.
If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
If your mother knew what you're doing, she'd probably hang her head and cry.
If your parents didn't have any children, neither will you.
If your party is successful, the police will knock on your door, unless your party is very successful in which case they will lob tear gas through your living room window.
If your stomach antagonizes you, pacify it with cool thoughts.
If youth but knew, if old age but could.
If, however, one feels much happiness in this, it is because at bottom one is not thinking of oneself but of one's ideal.
If, however, the substance was acquired as a result of enthusiasm of a more intimate nature, you may delicately retrieve it with a flick of your pink tongue.
If, on the other hand, you are one of those few people who do go around pirating copies of software you probably aren't going to pay much attention to a license agreement, bloodthirsty or not.
If, on the other hand, you kill him, the most that you can expect is that a relative will bring a wrongful death action.
Igmmlptk, he replied at which point she ran away.
Ignorance is never out of style.
Ignorance is our most important resource.
Ignorance is strength.
Ignorance is the soil in which belief in miracles grows.
Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.
Ignorance must certainly be bliss or there wouldn't be so many people so resolutely pursuing it.
Ignore previous fortune.
Ignore the fact that sloppy spelling in a purely written forum sends out the same silent messages that soiled clothing would when addressing an audience.
Ignore those who suggest you should only use groups where you think the article is highly appropriate.
Ill-chosen abstraction is particularly evident in the design of the ADA runtime system.
Illegal aliens have always been a problem in the United States.
Illness is always an interaction between both.
Illusion is the first of all pleasures.
Imaginary creatures are trapped in birth on celluloid.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality.
Imagination without skill gives us modern art.
Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way.
Imagine that Cray computer decides to make a personal computer.
Imagine the posting as a tape-recording of the poster's thoughts.
Imagine what we can imagine!
Imbalance of power corrupts and monopoly of power corrupts absolutely.
Imitation is the sincerest form of plagarism.
Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
Immanuel Kant but Kubla Khan.
Immanuel doesn't pun, he Kant.
Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal.
Immature poets imitate, mature poets steal.
Immediately top each cookie with a Hershey's kiss or star pressing down firmly to crack cookie.
Immediately, 1500 policemen converged on him and arrested him for transporting a myna across a staid lion for immortal porpoises.
Immediately, one of the boys threw his rod down and started running through the woods like the proverbial bat out of hell, and hot on his heels ran the Game Warden.
Immigration is the sincerest form of flattery.
Immortal maiden elven-wise, About him cast her shadowy hair And arms like silver glimmering.
Immortality consists largely of boredom.
Impassioned lovers wrestle as one.
Impatient hands wait eagerly to grasp, to hold scant moments of time wrested from life in the full glory of Canon's power; held captive by his unblinking eye.
Implications: we have been intercepted deliberately by a means unknown, for a purpose unknown, and transferred to a place unknown by a form of intelligence unknown.
Implicit in this definition is the belief that it is the right and the responsibility of each person to live his or her own life as he or she sees fit, to respect this right in others, and to demand the assumption of this responsibility by others.
Important letters which contain no errors will develop errors in the mail.
Improper bladder control.
Improve its object code.
In 1639 the great poet's life was endangered after his capture by the Royalists during the English Civil War.
In 1750 Issac Newton became discouraged when he fell up a flight of stairs.
In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled waffles.
In 1880 the French captured Detroit but gave it back.
In 1901 Booth visited a London music-hall.
In 1914, the first crossword puzzle was printed in a newspaper.
In 1962 John Glenn orbited the earth.
In 1969, only 66 years after Orville Wright flew two feet off the ground for 12 seconds, Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin and I rocketed to the moon in Apollo 11.
In 1976 the European Economic Community pointed out to the Irish Government that it had not yet implemented the agreed sex equality legislation.
In AWNS the AH function indicates that it has received a multiline message byte.
In AWNS the RFD message must be sent false and the DAC message must be sent passive true.
In Africa some of the native tribes have a custom of beating the ground with clubs and uttering spine chilling cries.
In America we call it golf.
In America, any boy may become president and I suppose that's just one of the risks he takes.
In America, it's not how much an item costs, it's how much you save.
In August 1975 three men were on their way in to rob the Royal Bank of Scotland at Rothesay, when they got stuck in the revolving doors.
In Blythe, California, a city ordinance declares that a person must own at least two cows before he can wear cowboy boots in public.
In Boston, it is illegal to hold frog-jumping contests in nightclubs.
In Brooklyn, we had such great pennant races, it made the World Series just something that came later.
In California, Bill Honig, the Superintendent of Public Instruction, said he thought the general public should have a voice in defining what an excellent teacher should know.
In Carmen Jones, the camera tracks with Dorothy Dandridge down a street; and the entire film crew is reflected in the shop window.
In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point.
In Christianity, a man may have only one wife.
In Columbia, Pennsylvania, it is against the law for a pilot to tickle a female flying student under her chin with a feather duster in order to get her attention.
In Corning, Iowa, it's a misdemeanor for a man to ask his wife to ride in any motor vehicle.
In Decameron Nights, Louis Jourdain stands on the deck of his fourteenth century pirate ship; and a white lorry trundles down the hill in the background.
In Denver it is unlawful to lend your vacuum cleaner to your next-door neighbor.
In Devon, Connecticut, it is unlawful to walk backwards after sunset.
In Ellen's house it is warm and toasty while fuzzies play in the snow outside.
In English, every word can be verbed.
In France, under the law, everything is permitted, except that which is prohibited.
In Germany they first came for the Communists and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Communist.
In Germany, under the law, everything is prohibited, except that which is permitted.
In God we trust; all else we walk through.
In Greene, New York, it is illegal to eat peanuts and walk backwards on the sidewalks when a concert is on.
In Hollywood, all marriages are happy.
In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
In India, cold weather is merely a conventional phrase and has come into use through the necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather which will melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
In Ireland, in Lebanon, in Palestine, in Berkeley, Patty Hearst.
In Italy, for thirty years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed, but they produced Michaelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance.
In King Henry VI, Part II, Shakespeare has Dick Butcher suggest to his fellow anti-establishment rabble-rousers, The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
In Lexington, Kentucky, it's illegal to carry an ice cream cone in your pocket.
In Lowes Crossroads, Delaware, it is a violation of local law for any pilot or passenger to carry an ice cream cone in their pocket while either flying or waiting to board a plane.
In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they have obtained from books of travel.
In Memphis, Tennessee, it is illegal for a woman to drive a car unless there is a man either running or walking in front of it waving a red flag to warn approaching motorists and pedestrians.
In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait.
In Minnesota they ask why all football fields in Iowa have artificial turf.
In Nature there are neither rewards nor punishments, there are consequences.
In New York City, the answer was What's excuse me?
In New York in the summer it is a million degrees and the humidity is a million percent.
In New York in the winter it is million degrees below zero and the wind travels at a million miles an hour down 5th avenue.
In New York there are a million interesting people.
In Newark the laundromats are open 24 hours a day!
In Oz, never say krizzle kroo to a Woozy.
In Paris during 1924 he was beaten after only four moves by a Monsieur Lazard.
In Paris there reigns a complete absence of really reliable news is a periphrasis for There is no reliable news in Paris.
In Pierre Trudeau, Canada has finally produced a Prime Minister worthy of assassination.
In Pocataligo, Georgia, it is a violation for a woman over 200 pounds and attired in shorts to pilot or ride in an airplane.
In Pocatello, Idaho, a law passed in 1912 provided that The carrying of concealed weapons is forbidden, unless same are exhibited to public view.
In Poland, the answer was What's meat?
In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways.
In Seattle, Washington, it is illegal to carry a concealed weapon that is over six feet in length.
In Tennessee, it is illegal to shoot any game other than whales from a moving automobile.
In Texas, the answer was What's a shortage?
In The Wrong Box, the roofs of Victorian London are emblazoned with television aerials.
In Tulsa, Oklahoma, it is against the law to open a soda bottle without the supervision of a licensed engineer.
In Viking Queen, set in the times of Boadicea, a wrist watch is clearly visible on one of the leading characters.
In West Union, Ohio, No married man can go flying without his spouse along at any time, unless he has been married for more than 12 months.
In Xanadu did Kubla Khan A stately pleasure dome decree: Where Alph, the sacred river, ran Through caverns measureless to man Down to a sunless sea.
In a booming voice, He says: THIS IS A SIGN.
In a bottle, the neck is always at the top.
In a cave in the hills he dwelt alone, And meat was hard to come by.
In a consumer society there are inevitably two kinds of slaves: the prisoners of addiction and the prisoners of envy.
In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network anyway.
In a far land beyond the Sea.
In a few months it will be at genius level and a few months after that its powers will be incalculable.
In a first grade classroom everybody feels it; in a twelfth grade classroom almost nobody feels it, or at least acknowledges it.
In a five year period we can get one superb programming language.
In a forest a fox bumps into a little rabbit, and says, Hi, Junior, what are you up to?
In a gathering of two or more people, when a lighted cigarette is placed in an ashtray, the smoke will waft into the face of the non-smoker.
In a great romance, each person basically plays a part that the other really likes.
In a hierarchy every employee tends to rise to his level of incompetence.
In a medium in which a News Piece takes a minute and an In-Depth Piece takes two minutes, the Simple will drive out the Complex.
In a minimum-phase system there is an inextricable link between frequency response, phase response and transient response, as they are all merely transforms of one another.
In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus, one when he was a boy and one when he was a man.
In a related change, the functions MAKE-ARRAY and CONS have been fixed so they don't allocate any storage except on the stack.
In a sheeting of white To lynch all the robots they can.
In a surprise raid last night, federal agents ransacked a house in search of a rebel computer hacker.
In a technology race at the time, that aircraft was two months ahead of the Concorde.
In a whiskey it's age, in a cigarette it's taste and in a sports car it's impossible.
In action, be careful of your timing.
In addition to paper and pens, he took with him everywhere as an indispensable article of equipment the coffee machine, which was no less important to him than his table or his white robe.
In an age when the fashion is to be in love with yourself, confessing to be in love with somebody else is an admission of unfaithfulness to one's beloved.
In an orderly world, there's always a place for the disorderly.
In another fight, the wife decked him with a heavy glass pitcher.
In another place and time I did it all for thrills.
In answer, Musashi summoned a pupil of his and bid him kill himself by slashing his abdomen with a knife.
In answering I began by observing that in certain cases or circumstances his opinion would be right, but in the present case there appeared or semed to me some difference, etc.
In any case, a traverse mounted iguana, while more perverted, gives better traction, not to mention being easier to stake.
In any given document, you can't cover all the what if's.
In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work, the answer may be obtained by inspection.
In brief, the main external visible features of the cow are: two lookers, two hookers, four stander-uppers, four hanger-downers, and a swishy-wishy.
In buying horses and taking a wife shut your eyes tight and commend yourself to God.
In case of atomic attack, all work rules will be temporarily suspended.
In case of atomic attack, the federal ruling against prayer in schools will be temporarily canceled.
In case of fire, stand in the hall and shout Fire!
In case of injury notify your superior immediately.
In charity there is no excess.
In computing, the mean time to failure keeps getting shorter.
In consequence, she cannot help feeling that her children are cruelly handicapped by the fact that he is their father.
In conversation, talking of someone who has entered the real world is not unlike talking about a deceased person.
In corporate life, I think there are three important areas which contracts can't deal with, the area of conflict, the area of change and area of reaching potential.
In court he will plead that he was depressed because society had failed him, and that he was looking for Mother Teresa for comfort and to offer his services to the poor.
In dealing with others, be gentle and kind.
In defeat, unbeatable; in victory, unbearable.
In dwelling, be close to the land.
In earlier days, virgins were often selected to beta test volcanos.
In either the hardware or housewares department, you'll find an item imported from an obscure Oriental country and described as Nine Tools in One, consisting of a little handle with interchangeable ends representing inscrutable Oriental notions of tools that Americans might use around the home.
In every hierarchy the cream rises until it sours.
In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun.
In every non-trivial program there is at least one bug.
In every relationship that exists, people have to seek a way to survive.
In fact many scientists actually use their fireplaces to cool their houses in the summer.
In fact the last year any new electricity was generated in the United States was 1937; the electric companies have been merely re-selling it ever since, which is why they have so much free time to apply for rate increases.
In fact, I'd try to have nothing else.
In fact, detachable magazines for the Uzi are available in 25-, 32-, and 40-round capacities, so you can take out an entire office full of Apple II or IBM Personal Computers tied into Ethernet or other local-area networks.
In fact, euphemism has become a euphemism for bald-faced lie.
In fact, if your old lady walks in on you, deny it.
In fact, it is as difficult to appropriate the thoughts of others as it is to invent.
In fact, many smart people save the fruitcakes they receive and send them back to the original givers the next year; some fruitcakes have been passed back and forth for hundreds of years.
In fact, most home projects are impossible, which is why you should do them yourself.
In fact, most people can't stand being around her.
In fact, the assembly of the scientific and military with these human arguments creates such an overwhelming case that in can be ignored only by those who are blind to the teachings of history, or who wish to suspend the development of civilization at its moment of greatest opportunity and drama.
In fact, the creator of differential algebra, Ritt, committed suicide in the early 1950's, largely, it is claimed, because few paid attention to his work.
In fact, the language generally requires more C- statements than machine-code statements to execute a given task.
In fact, there are very few concepts that aren't.
In fact, there is no reason why mental as well as bodily labor should not be economized by the aid of machinery.
